BILL: Yep.
DALE: Yep.
HANK: Yep.
BOOMHAUER: M-hm.

DALE: I know what's wrong with it: It's a Ford. You know what they say "Ford" stands for, don't you? It stands for "Fix It Again, Tony."
HANK: You're thinking of a Fiat, Dale.
DALE: Fix...It...Again...?

BOOMHAUER: I tell ya what you do... you just take them dang ol' spark plugs out... and that little hole... you just put a little oil around there... just like Bobby Unser said like it go BOOM... just like that.
HANK: Well, I wish it were that easy, Boomhauer, but I'll tell you what my truck needs... leadership. Detroit hasn't felt any real pride since George Bush went to Japan and vomited on their auto executives.

BOOMHAUER: I tell you what, man, you see the part where dang ol' George come in there and he's talkin' 'bout tasting his own burp and Kramer comes slidin' in there, he always does that. Them New York boys, I tell you what... just a show about nothin'.

HANK: That boy ain't right.

HANK: You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs, and you can't get on base without taking a swing.
BOBBY: The pitcher could walk me, couldn't he?
HANK: Don't play lawyer-ball, son.

ANTHONY: I wish I could, ma'am, but the regulations say we can't take custody of the boy without an interview.

DALE: I know what's wrong with your truck. It's your quote unquote pollution controls. I heard on talk radio you don't even need 'em, they're just an egghead government plot.
HANK: How is cutting down on pollution a government plot, Dale?
DALE: Open up your eyes, man. They're trying to control global warming. Get it? "Global?"
HANK: So what?
DALE: That's code for U.N. commissars telling Americans what the temperature's going to be in our outdoors. I say let the world warm up, let's see what Boutros Boutros Ghali Ghali has to say about that. We'll grow oranges in Alaska!
HANK: Dale, you giblet-head, we live in Texas! It's already 110 in the summer, and if it gets one degree hotter, I'm going to kick your ass!

DALE: Could be far-off helicopters...U.N. helicopters.

ANTHONY: Mr. Hill, I feel that you're coming from an anger mindset, and if you're projecting this anger onto me, it gives me grave concerns as to how you facilitate your son's growth in private.
HANK: Mister, I haven't even begun to project my anger onto you!

PEGGY: I'm a substitute Spanish teacher. Los estudiantes son mis amigos.

ANTHONY: Loud is not allowed.

DALE: Hey, baby, how about a couple of beers?
NANCY: Sorry, sug, I gotta go. I'm late for my migrane treatment with John Redcorn.
DALE: Nancy, you been going to that healer for twelve years, and you still get headaches every night.
NANCY: The healing process takes time, honey.

BOOMHAUER: I been calling y'all people for better than a month now, gripe 'bout y'all... ever time that dang ol' dog across the street start yappin' his jaw...24-hours a day... nobody answered...How you supposed to come out here and do anything about that dog?...Ain't no computer gonna come over here and shut that dang ol' dog up.

LUANNE: Mama's in jail. She was savin' a quart of beer for before bed, and Daddy threw it out, and she went after him with a fork. And the trailer tipped over, and everything turned upside down, and it's all gonna be on Real Stories of the Highway Patrol.

BOBBY: Your hostility invalidates our parent/child contract.
HANK: You're quotin' that twig-boy at me???

ANTHONY: The whole neighborhood was Redneck City. Did you see in the report how he dented my Geo?

BOBBY: Dad, that's not respectful adult/child growth dialogue.
HANK: I'll give you dialogue that's... not coming from a center of anger. Please return the garage door to its factory-preset down position.

HANK: Please respect... my fence's right to... be a fence. Now!

BOBBY: I like him better this way.
PEGGY: How come?
BOBBY: I can make him love me even when I screw up.

COTTON: I got my shins blowed off by a Japan-Man's machine gun, so don't come cryin' to me with your problems!

HANK: You, uh, you're my son, you know, with everything that entails... feelings of fondness and more... You know what I mean, don’t you, boy?
BOBBY: No.
HANK: Ah. That's a hell of a weird sound, I never made that before... uh... I... you... family. You're not making this easy on me, boy. Okay: I love you no matter what you do, there, whew! Let's go get something to eat.
BOBBY: I'm not just a big disappointment to you?
HANK: Disappointment? No! You make me proud! I've been disappointed by just about everything else in this town, but you? Not once. Damn it, you're my boy.
HANK: No need for Bobby to get all bothered up learning about sex when he can't do a damn thing about it anyway, at his age... and with his features.

PEGGY: Bobby, honey, um... what do you know about sexual relations?
BOBBY: I don't know. Nothing much. I'm a little worried about being a slut.

BILL: I didn't take sex ed in school. The army taught me everything I needed to know, and in four different languages, too. Want to know how to get a bar girl in the Philippines?

BOOMHAUER: Yeah man...I tell ya what...I'll tell him about them condom dispensers...Put little ol' 50 cents in there and try to hit that coin return... bang on that thing...Talk about her needs.

PEGGY: Listen to this chapter title: "The Fourteen Stages of Arousal." And then you turn the page and... oh my goodness, is that C. Everett Koop?
LUANNE: That must be an old book, 'cause now there's eighteen stages.

PEGGY: Luanne, honey, tell me, what is it like to live without shame of any kind? Is it a good feeling?
LUANNE: Yeah, it is.

PEGGY'S MOM: You're at that special time of life, the time when a little girl becomes a woman, and you start getting a monthly visitor.
PEGGY: Who? Uncle Joe?

LUANNE: Look, here's a chapter on "Communicating Your Needs To Your Love Partner."
HANK: Ugh! What kind of filth are you reading?

HANK: That is the inside of a womb! A woman's womb! Bobby is not going to look at the inside of a womb! He's only been outside yours for eleven years!

BOBBY: I'm not gonna need my toys any more. After I learn Sex Ed, I'll be too busy dating.
JOSEPH: Who?
BOBBY: I don't know. Whoever wants to have sex with me.

BILL: Just think, you'll be married to a woman who knows everything about sex. I never been with a woman like that, except of course bar girls. Not that Peggy's a bar girl, no, she just... knows what a bar girl... knows.

DOOLEY: Hey, Bobby, your mom's gonna teach Sex Ed.
BOBBY: Yeah, I know.
DOOLEY: We're gonna get to see her boobs.
BOBBY: So?

DOOLEY: Your dad lost his job.

PEGGY: Don't stop at first base, son! Go all the way, Bobby! Go all the way, honey!

HANK: Hello?
HANK: Dale? Is that you?
DALE: Oh, Hank. Uh, can I speak with Peggy?
HANK: Peggy, it's for you. It's Dale.
PEGGY: Hello, Dale.
DALE: You don't know who I am, but I know where you live...

HANK: Where in the hell are my elbows gonna be that they need to be smooth?

PEGGY: Ovaries. Uvula. Uterus. Va...GINA!

PEGGY: Hey, Hank, I just did it.
HANK: I heard you. The whole neighborhood can hear you cussin'.
PEGGY: It's not cussin', Hank, to say the name of a God-given body part.
HANK: It is if it's a part of the body that was meant to be concealed by an undergarment. You're dealing with organs that people just don't want to know about.
PEGGY: Well, Bobby ought to know about them. We don't want him growing up as repressed as we did.
HANK: Sure we do!

PEGGY: Today we're going to discuss the subject of human relations. Otherwise known as... Human relations.

BOBBY: I just wanted to say you don't have to worry about me, 'cause I'm never gonna have sex.
HANK: Whoa, Bobby, now don't say that!
BOBBY: I thought that's what you wanted.
HANK: Well, yes, if you were my daughter, but you're my son.
BOBBY: Why is it not okay for girls, but it's okay for boys?
HANK: It's called the double standard, Bobby. Don't knock it, we got the long end of the stick on that one.

HANK: If you'd like to learn more about sexual education, don't! Nobody likes a know-it-all who sits around talking about their genitalia. Now, I think you might like this next show, The X-Files. I always thought it was some kind of porno, on account of the title, but turns out it's all about two young people who don't have sex. Now, that's entertainment!
COTTON: I'm not gonna sugarcoat it: Some of you ain't comin' back. Those who survive will be honored members of the Order of the Straight Arrow. Those who don't will be dead.

BOOMHAUER: We're gonna get snackered...I tell ya what... boy... man ...I wanna get all messed up...Let's just pollute our minds and get three sheets in the dang ol' wind.

BILL: When I grow up I'm gonna drink this stuff every day, just like my dad, and fly jets and maybe even be an astronaut.
DALE: I'm gonna live in London and be a rich millionaire and have people killed.
HANK: I'm gonna sell propane and propane accessories, if my grades are good enough.

BILL: I'm so depressed I can't even blink.

HANK: I tell you what, we are going to turn those kids into men this weekend.
BILL: We can still play jokes on 'em, right?
DALE: They're not jokes, Bill, they're painful lessons. I thank my father every day for all the tricks he played on me. He taught me the most wonderful lesson a child can learn: Never trust nobody. That's how I know Bob Dole's faking that dead arm.

JOSEPH: Dad, can me and Bobby bring life preservers?
DALE: If you want to be sissies.
JOSEPH: He said yes!

DALE: We got this Order of the Straight Arrow retreat tomorrow, and I was wondering...
JOHN REDCORN: I'd be honored to look after your wife.
DALE: Gee, thanks.

JOHN REDCORN: The spirit bag is very sacred. You should not make light.
DALE: I like how you say everything's sacred. That's funny too.

JOSEPH: You have the coolest mom. She smells like Miracle Whip.

PEGGY: It is very important that you be there for your mama. This is her big day.
LUANNE: Well, actually, her big day is the sentencing. This is just the arraignment.

HANK: This trip is about the sacredness of Mother Earth and all she gives us. So pee now, 'cause once we get on the road, we ain't stopping.

HANK: Here are your Silence Sticks.
BOBBY: Those are Slim Jims.
HANK: That's what the white man calls them. Wematanye calls them Silence Sticks to test your spirit of shutting up.

DALE: Oh, man. What kind of lefty hootenanny is this?
HANK: Look at that one, bouncing around in front of God and everybody. Would it kill a tree if she wore a bra?

HANK: We of the Order of the Straight Arrow call upon the spirit Wematanye, protector of the sacred ground that brings us cool water to drink and energy-efficient clean-burning propane gas for all our sacred heating and cooking needs. Wematanye says, respect the earth! She's ours, by God, our taxes pay for Her. Also, it says here you gotta love all Her creatures. Let's see... oh, here we go: Though we walk through the valley of the shadow of death, you're gonna recommend us to the spirit in the sky, with liberty and justice for all. Wematanye is with you, and with Texas. Amen.

HANK: Remember, the snipe call is this: "Woo loo loo, woo loo loo."

DALE: You and I may be acquainted but we are not traveling companions. I am merely here to enjoy Earth Day and play some hacky-sack.

BOOMHAUER: Yeah man I tell ya what...Did one of them snipe hunts last night... man with them sticks and bags and Whack! Whack! man, go Woooo-loo-loo-loo! ...Talk about big mistake y'all...It's right there in that cooler.
RANGER: Well, if any of you see anything, stop by the ranger station.

ENVIRONMENTALIST: I also heard they were hunting a snipe last night.
RANGER: There is no snipe.
ENVIRONMENTALIST: My God, how many more species have to be wiped out before we learn?

HANK: There is no Wematanye. It's just some damn nonsense we made to fill out the weekend. Tell him, Dale.
DALE: How do you know my name, crane-killer?

BILL: Those spirit bags of yours are just my ex-wife's old socks, and by the way, I want them back.

HANK: When Dale and Bill and Boomhauer and me went through this together as kids, all the tricks and lies from our dads, they were part of the experience. It brought us all together, you know, us against them.
BOBBY: I don't want to be against you! You're my dad. We're supposed to be on the same team.

RANGER: Sir, you lied to me, you lied to this little boy, and I don't know what you did to this gentleman in his underwear!

PEGGY: I bought a microwave.
HANK: I tell you what, this family goes through microwaves like other families go through shoes.

BOBBY: My Game Boy's out of batteries. I need to get on the Nintendo, quick!

LUANNE: He is not just dancing. He's firming his thighs and tightening his buttocks.

BOOMHAUER: Yeah, man, them dang ol' birds, man, flyin' low this season, probably... dang ol' awkward, I tell you what, man.

HANK: What the hell was that?
BILL: That was a breakup. At least that's what it was the last time I ran into the house crying.

CHUCK MANGIONE: How you doin' out there? I'm Chuck Mangione. You know, even celebrities have to hunt for bargains. That's why I go to the Mega Lo Mart, where shopping feels so good.

HANK: Luanne, sometimes life throws you a curve ball. Now there's two ways you can deal with it. You can cry... and that's the path you've chosen... or you can not cry.
LUANNE: How do you not cry?
HANK: Well, instead of letting it out, try holding it in. Every time you have a feeling, just stick it into a little pit inside your stomach and never let it out.
LUANNE: Are you supposed to have a pain under your rib?
HANK: Yes. That's natural. The body doesn't want to swallow its emotions. But now you go ahead and put that pain inside your stomach too.
LUANNE: I think it's workin', Uncle Hank. I feel sick, but not sad.

HANK: Pass me some more of that cookie dough. Mmm! I never knew you could eat it raw. It's almost as good as ice cream.
LUANNE: You know, they make ice cream with cookie dough already in it.
HANK: Damn, sister, get me my keys!

HANK: I did what you couldn't do. Now, I'm not saying you're not good at what you do, I'm just saying I'm better. I went in there and fixed her, like fixing a carburetor. And you know what? It was fun. Like fixing a carburetor.

DALE: It's a scientific fact that women like round, muscular butts. I'm going to look for a guy with a round, muscular butt.

JOHN REDCORN: Dale, I bought you a beer. Mind if I dance with your wife?
DALE: Take her. Sucker.

BOOMHAUER: Boy, I tell you what, man, that dang ol' CK One, man, just like catnip.

DALE: Hey, you seem like a regular guy.

LUANNE: I don't know if I'm ready, Uncle Hank.
HANK: Sure you are! And Wade's a catch and a half... he can run the forty in under five seconds!
LUANNE: But my heart is tellin' me...
HANK: Your heart is telling you? Who's the boss, you or your heart? You are! Your heart is your employee! So get your heart off its butt and back to work!
LUANNE: You're right, Uncle Hank! What am I waitin' for? Let's go get Wade!

HANK: You can't compete with this guy. He's a football player, and football players know how to treat women right.

PEGGY: You are out of your depth, Hank Hill. You've opened a Pandora's Box, a box that has a sign that reads "For Women Only." As long as it took that river to carve the Grand Canyon, that is how long women have been learning to subtly manipulate relationships. You only think it's easy because we make it look easy. Did you really believe you could step in and fix it overnight? Could you really be such a fool? Woe is you, Hank Hill, woe is you!

HANK: Wade's a good guy! You don't know... he runs fast!

HANK: What happened to Wade? Why aren't you with Wade? I want Wade!

LUANNE: I'll stay at Boomhauer's!
HANK: Fine!
LUANNE: Fine!
BOOMHAUER: Wait, man, this ain't gonna work out... little gals comin' around...I just gotta say flat-out no, man.
LUANNE: Thanks, Boomhauer, let's go.
BOOMHAUER: Dang ol' women, from Mars, man, I tell you what.

DALE: This neighborhood is turning into Melrose Place.

DALE: Boomhauer didn't do anything, and even if he did, why do you care? Luanne's not your relation.
HANK: Hell, she's my wife's brother's daughter... you can't get any closer than that!

BOOMHAUER: Fried fillet of fried chicken... french fried side of fries... and some fried okra.

BOOMHAUER: Hank, I don't know what you're thinkin', but no, man, I ain't no Woody Allen with that little ol' Soon-Li, man, nothin's gonna happen.

HANK: Lookit, she's crying again. I guess she just got dumped by her new boyfriend Boomhauer.
PEGGY: Boomhauer didn't dump her, you did.

HANK: I was moving stuff around, and it seems the room looks a little better this way.
LUANNE: The bed is even out.
HANK: Well, I figure there's no sense in packin' it up night after night.
BOBBY: Aren't you supposed to knock first? I could have been naked!

HANK: What is a "Celery Head?"
BOBBY: He's the world's best comedian. He glues things! Like he glues a Kleenex box to a tennis shoe and goes "This is in case you have a runny nose!"
HANK: That's not a joke, son, that's a waste of good glue.

HANK: Luanne, good Lord, put on some pants!

PEGGY: Hank, calm down, it is just a bunch of wood and some wires.
HANK: Wood and wires? I've had Betsy since high school. I took her to the prom. I love this guitar. Do you understand what I'm saying? Do you understand what love means?
PEGGY: Yes. I love my family.
HANK: Now you're getting it. That's the kind of love I have for Betsy.

DALE: Dammit, Hank, you know I can't have loud sudden noises while I'm meditating! I was a nose-hair away from achieving inner peace!
HANK: Don't even try to take credit for that.
DALE: It was not done by me. It was done through me.

HANK: What is that chinging noise?
DALE: One of those stealth helicopters with computerized noise-cancellation capability. They're still working the chings out.
BILL: How'd you know about the stealth helicopters?
DALE: alt.conspiracy.black.helicopters.
BOOMHAUER: Yeah man, I tell you what, man. That dang ol' Internet, man. You just go on there and point and click. Talk about W-W-dot-W-com. An' lotsa nekkid chicks on there, man. Click. Click. Click. Click. Click. It's real easy, man.

HANK: Why can't Bobby turn all that energy into something positive, like that boy with no legs who ran across Canada?

HANK: So Bobby, we got to think of a hero for you.
BOBBY: Do you have a hero, Dad?
HANK: I sure do, and it's Willie Nelson.
BOBBY: How come?
HANK: Well, you might say he's been my inspiration. See, Willie grew up in Texas, and I grew up in Texas. He loves golfing and playing guitar, I love golfing and playing guitar, he's had trouble with the IRS, and I must have spent six hours last April on that 1040 form... EZ my ass.

BOBBY: I like Willie Nelson. He's got long hair, he's alternative.
HANK: Now you take that back! I've followed that man from Country and Western to Country to Adult Contemporary, and that's as far as I'm going.

PEGGY: Most women would be threatened by Betsy, but not me. I don't care. I'd like to see that guitar come home and chicken fry a steak after substitute teaching all day.

BOBBY: Mr. Gribble, who is your all-time hero?
DALE: You are, if you get me some smokes.

EARL: Les, go in the back and alphabetize the guitar strings.
LES: Alphabetize by letter?

HANK: That's okay, Bobby, you can do it. Just choke up on it. And swing less like a girl.

HANK: Mr. Nelson, I am so sorry. My boy is new to golf. I'm your biggest fan. I go to every concert I can. I've been to every Farm Aid except one. I don't care much for that Bryan Adams.

WILLIE NELSON: Hey, I know you. You're the kid that rakes my lawn.
BOBBY: No, I'm the kid who hit you in the head.
WILLIE NELSON: With a rake?
BOBBY: No, with a golf club.
WILLIE NELSON: You been raking my lawn with a golf club? I want my quarter back.

BOBBY: Dad, guess where I am?
HANK: Oh, I dunno, let's see, crushing Dwight Yoakam's voice box with my five iron?
BOBBY: I'm at Willie Nelson's, and he wants you to come over!
HANK: Son, you're teasing the gorilla in the monkey house.

HANK: Out of my way, Rooster Boy!

WILLIE NELSON: Hey, Hank. Bobby's been telling me all about you. I hear you're a guitar player, and that you got a narrow urethra.

LUANNE: The fox chases the rabbit around the tree trunk and... I was so close! [sobs]

BOOMHAUER: I tell you what, man, you did that dang ol' Mr. Tambourine Man, talkin' about "come play a song for me" and all, then you change your name to Zimmerman, y'all Born Again.
BOB DYLAN: Well, whole bunch of kids going around, mad dog, and denim, going platinum, who knows, accounting firms, dang ol' Boomhauer.

PEGGY: Los Mariachis son diablos!

WILLIE NELSON: Bobby wants to play your guitar, ride your mower and swing your golf club. Seems to me that boy does have a hero, and his name is Hank Hall.
HANK: Hill.
WILLIE NELSON: Uh, yeah, right.

PEGGY: You know, I was headed over here to knock you six ways from Sunday with that guitar, then I get here and you're playing that ol' song of yours, and, well, I love you, Propane Man.

WILLIE NELSON: Luanne, you braided that perfectly, but next time try to go easier on the glitter spray.
BILL: They look Japanese.
DALE: Nope. I think they're Chinese.
BILL: How can you tell?
DALE: Japanese guys usually have glasses and a suit and a tie, and stuff like that.

BOOMHAUER: Yeah, man, them Chinese, man, you can't understand a dang-ol' word they say, man, just try, dang ol' whole upside-down and whatnot.

HANK: So, are you Chinese or Japanese?
KAHN: I live in California last twenty years, but first come from Laos.
HANK: Huh?
KAHN: Laos. We Laotian.
BILL: The ocean? What ocean?
KAHN: We are Laotian. From Laos, stupid! It's a landlocked country in Southeast Asia. It's between Vietnam and Thailand, okay? Population 4.7 million.
HANK: So, are you Chinese or Japanese?

PEGGY: This is so very exciting. It's like we get to travel to the Orient without having to worry about diarrhea or being jailed for our pro-democracy beliefs.
LUANNE: You know, at the beauty academy, they teach us that people aren't black, or white, or yellow, or red, but their hair can be.

PEGGY: These people are by nature shy and reserved. I read somewhere that the Chinese language has seventy words for "rice," but no word for "friend."

MINH: Kahn, please, for once, try not to piss off neighbor. We kick out of Laos. We kick out of Anaheim. I'm tired of running.

KAHN: Hank. Ooh, damn! Damn! Oh, uh, you have damn fine house!
HANK: Lead-free since 1988.

PEGGY: You do not come into a woman's home and insult her feet. You just don't!

HANK: Be careful, Bobby. That's one of them Chinese fighting dogs.
CONNIE: Uh, it's a West Highland Terrier.
HANK: Yeah, that's it.

HANK: Ah, aren't kids great? They're too young to know about fear or prejudice. They won't have to learn that till high school.

KAHN: Ha ha ha! Your Ladybird, she real slut!
HANK: Ladybird is not a slut! She is in heat! Her hormones have overwhelmed her natural modesty.

HANK: I don't like him. it has nothing to do with where he's from. I'm no redneck. He could be from Mars for all I care.
DALE: Believe me, Hank, if Kahn were from Mars, you'd care. Especially after he's stolen every last drop of Earth's drinkable water and taken it back to his home planet...Mars.

HANK: I hate the man because he's rude and nasty. Not because of what his people did to us in WW Two.
PEGGY: Well, Hank, I know that. But everyone else will say "Hank Hill is a racist."
HANK: What the hell kind of country is this where I can only hate a man if he's white?
PEGGY: Hank Hill, you will go to that party, you will pretend to like Kahn, and you will drink until you actually do.

KAHN: You honor me by giving me gas.

CONNIE: Hey, let's untie them. They belong together.
BOBBY: And it's fun to watch them play piggyback.

BOBBY: Why are you named Kahn Jr.?
CONNIE: My father wanted a boy.
BOBBY: Yeah, so did mine.

CONNIE: My dad's making me memorize two thousand words for the S.A.T.s. He's such an autocrat.
BOBBY: What's a S.A.T.?

MINH: Oh, Peggy Hill, your husband like burger so much, we give you recipe. Now you can please him.

DALE: Here are the facts as I see them: Kahn served you dog.

BILL: Even if they did serve us dog, I mean, who are we to judge other cultures?
HANK: Don't talk like that! The dog is man's best friend. You wouldn't eat your best friend, would you?
BILL: Of course not. Wait a minute, are we talking about some kind of lifeboat situation here? Because I don't want to commit myself.

DALE: They'll probably get you with a blow-dart. That's their way. But you'll just think it's a mosquito bite, until you die. Then you'll know the truth.

KAHN: That psycho redneck is back. Why he so mad? You do something wrong?
MINH: You're the one who insulted his propane.
KAHN: You're the one who made fun of Peggy's monster feet.

HANK: Welcome to the neighborhood, Kahn Souphanousinphone.
KAHN: Just call me Kahn. I don't got all damn day.
PEGGY: How did the big shampooing final go?
LUANNE: Well, I passed "lather" but I failed "rinse," and then I failed "repeat" too because it includes rinse, which I don't think is very fair.

PEGGY: How long has this been going on?
HANK: There's nothing going on, Peg. That's the problem.
PEGGY: Well, how long have you had this problem?
HANK: There's no problem. It's not something we need to talk about.

BOBBY: You should eat those, Dad. They help you make.
HANK: What??
BOBBY: Well, I thought you were consti...
HANK: Where would you get such an idea? That's ridiculous. Anyway, that's not something you should ever know about your father.

NANCY: I'm a meteorologist, not a doctor, but if I had to make an educated guess, I'd say he's got polio. Okay, okay, I'm not a meteorologist, I'm a weather girl.

BILL: Oh, Hank, it happens to everyone now and then. There's no reason to be embarrassed.
HANK: Maybe I'm not the one who should be embarrassed. Did you ever think of that? Maybe you're going a little too much. Once every four or five days gives me more free time. If you wanna spend all your time on the toilet, be my guest.
DALE: Have you tried squatting? It takes pressure off the lower body.
BILL: You know, Hank, I find a ride on the lawnmower helps.
HANK: Would you please stop talking about this?
BOOMHAUER: Hey, Hank, you know I've been thinking about y'all and your dang'ol bottom and all and what's gonna get it movin' again; I think y'all ought go jogging or swimmin' like water bugs, man, it's gonna be havin' you poopin' just like you used to, man. God knows it's gonna work.
BOOMHAUER'S GIRLFRIEND: It helped my aunt after her pregnancy.
HANK: I don't know you, do I?
BOOMHAUER'S GIRLFRIEND: No, you don't.

DALE: Here's one that's guaranteed to work for you, Hank. You take a spoonful of bacon grease...
HANK: I am not eating bacon grease.
DALE: You didn't let me finish.

PEGGY: I'm tired of worrying to myself. It's better to talk things out, Hank.
HANK: Not these things. Not toilet things.
PEGGY: All right, Hank, if it makes you this upset, I will just sit here silently, alone with my worries.
HANK: Finally.

BILL: He looks like an angel. A dead angel.
BOOMHAUER: Why, man, dang ol' why, why?
DALE: It should have been Bill.

C. EVERETT KOOP: Remember, early detection is the key. Now pass in your algebra homework.

DR. MORLEY: How long has it been since your last bowel movement?
HANK: Well, I don't usually keep track of these things...
PEGGY: Five days. And Hank's usual schedule is every two days. Of course, when we were first married, he'd go every day. But then I spoke to his mother and she said the most interesting thing. When he was a teenager, he would be in that bathroom three or four times a day...
HANK: Peggy!!!

DR. MORLEY: You know, Bobby, if I were to take your grandfather's...
HANK: I'm his father.
DR. MORLEY: Your father's intestine and lay it out in a straight line, it would go all the way around the Earth.
PEGGY: Well, that is fascinating, Doctor. I never knew that.
HANK: Now, how could that be? The Earth is 25,000 miles around. A piece of steak would have to shoot through your intestines at the speed of sound. That's impossible.
DR. MORLEY: Well, Mr. Hill, there's certainly nothing going through your intestines that fast.
BOBBY: Hey, I like this. Can I be a proctologist when I grow up?
TASHA: Mr. Hill, I'm going to have to ask you to relax your buttocks.

DR. MORLEY: You know, it's possible to live a normal, healthy, slightly less active life without a colon. You just can't wear shorts.

HEALTH STORE EMPLOYEE: Try this faux-fu. It's a tofu substitute for the tofu-intolerant.
PEGGY: Would that be good for a man who's constipated?
HANK: Peggy!
PEGGY: I didn't say it was you.
HEALTH STORE EMPLOYEE: Now, is this for your husband?
PEGGY: Yes.

HANK: Do you have anything here that tastes good?
HEALTH STORE EMPLOYEE: Uh... no.

LUANNE: He sticks needles in your skin and sets them on fire.
HANK: Anyone ever try that on me, I'll kick his ass.

HANK: Look, honey, we've gotta talk. I know you wanna help, but this is getting out of control. You can't treat a grown man like a baby. It ain't right. I feel like I've been trying to be someone else lately. Eating food I don't eat... and I'm just not gonna do it anymore. And if I don't ever poop again then that's just gonna be who I am. I'd rather die with a burger in my colon than live and eat FauxFu.

HANK: You might've noticed in tonight's episode, there was some brief nudity. Now, as an actor, I only do nudity when I feel the script warrants it. And I thought tonight's episode only warranted seeing the side of my rump. You can believe me when I tell you the Fox executives were pushing for a whole lot more. If any of you were offended by my body, I'm truly sorry. Good night.
HANK: Hey, my Dad's invitation to the party got returned. "Grandpa Cotton Hill, Hell, U.S.A."? Bobby, why'd you write this? You know Grandpa lives in Houston.
BOBBY: Mom says he's the Devil.
HANK: Peggy, how can you tell Bobby that?
PEGGY: I said "evil," Hank. How you get "Devil" from that is beyond me.

HANK: He lost his shins defending Texas in World War Two.

HANK: Bobby, if you're gonna fake dial, you gotta hit more than three numbers.

DOOLEY: This party's boring. Everybody hates you.

BOBBY: Vot are you talking about? Vot are you talking about?

BOOMHAUER: Heh heh heh...Man, what you talkin' about?...What you talkin' about?...I tell ya what, fat kids always funny, man... dang ol' John Candy, John Belushi...Knife and fork dug their graves, man.

BETHANY: I heard after Hank's mother left Cotton, he married his 16-year-old nurse.
PEGGY: Didi is 39, thank you very much. Although parts of her are much younger.

COTTON: Hey, Hank's wife.

COTTON: Looky here, Hank. What do you think of your momma's new ta-tas?
HANK: She is not my mother. Hell, we went to kindergarten together.
DIDI: Hey Hank. Do you still like finger-painting?

BILL: I'm having fun!
DOOLEY: Your wife divorced you.

HANK: This is my new neighbor.
DALE: He's Japanese.
COTTON: No he ain't. He's Laotian. Ain't you, Mr. Kahn?

PEGGY: Good lord, Cotton! You gave him a loaded shotgun?
COTTON: Well, you don't give a toy without batteries.

COTTON: Thanks a lot, Girlie, but the truth is: you're a girl.

DIDI: Cotton, I'll do the dishes. I like to.
COTTON: Permission granted. Put an apron over your new bosom, too. Don't tell her, but I got 'em cheap. Both lefties.

COTTON: Hank, Bobby and me have decided he's gonna stick vegetables up his nose.

HANK: You just don't understand him, Peg. See, he's a flamboyant character, like a peacock. That's why men love him. But women don't like his style because you all are like the pea-hen. More subdued and drab.
PEGGY: You just cannot see your father for who he is.
HANK: Well, Bobby and I both want him to stay. So that means you're outvoted.
PEGGY: Oh yeah? Well, Luanne hates him too. That means we're even.
HANK: Well, Jesus loves him, so I win.

COTTON: You're nothin' but skin and bones, girlie! Put some corn pone on them hips!
LUANNE: I don't want any, Grandpa Hill. Don't wanna get fat.
COTTON: That's not for you to worry about. You will never know if you are attractive. It's up to a man to tell you that. You keep eating and I'll tell you when to stop.

LUANNE: Touch me again, and you'll be wearing that corn pone, old man.
COTTON: Ooooooee! Feisty!

COTTON: It's a holiday, isn't it? It's Angie Dickinson's birthday!

DALE: Sometimes things just disappear for no logical reason. One day, my cousin woke up... his kidney was gone. At the same time, five hundred miles away, a woman in Phoenix contracted diabetes.

COTTON: Damn, it's a Shelley Hack! That's like gettin' a Shemp!

BOBBY: Well, go on, woman, get me my dinner!

HANK: What are you, turning into some kind of feminist?
PEGGY: I am not a feminist, Hank. I am Peggy Hill, a citizen of the Republic of Texas. I work hard, I sweat hard and I love hard and I gotta smell good and look pretty while doing it. So, I comb my hair, I re-apply lipstick thirty times a day, I do your dishes, I wash your clothes and I clean the house. Not because I have to, Hank, but because of a mutual, unspoken agreement that I have never brought up, because I am too much of a lady.
HANK: Thirty times a day?

COTTON: What kinda work could a guy get in this town?
DALE: Uh, are you allergic to asbestos?
COTTON: Hell no.

COTTON: I was fourteen, just a little older than Bobby. But I knew Uncle Sam needed me, so I lied and signed up. We had beat the Nazzys in Italy, and they shipped me to the Pacific theater. A Tojo torpedo sent our troupe's ship to the bottom. I could only save three of my buddies, Fatty, Stinky, and Brooklyn. They were kind of like you fellas, only one of them was from Brooklyn. Out of the sun came a Tojo Zero and put fifty bullets in my back. The blood attracted sharks. I had to give 'em Fatty. Then things took a turn for the worse. I made it to an island, but it was full of Tojos! They were spitting on the U.S. flag! So I rushed 'em, but it was a trap. They opened fire and blew my shins off. Last thing I remember, I beat 'em all to death with a big piece of Fatty. I woke up in a field hospital, and they were sewing my feet to my knees.

BOBBY: Hoo! She's moody! Must be PBS.

HANK: Well, she's got a point, but he's a war hero. She's my wife, but he's got no shins.
CUSTOMER: Uh, I'm just trying to get some propane here.

COTTON: Well, I never thought I'd see the day when my own son would stop loving me. It's about time! Love's for sissies! Ain't that right, you house full of hookers?

HANK: Your mother's probably got a better head on her shoulders than anybody in Arlen.
BOBBY: Better than Bill? Or Dale? Or Boomhauer?
HANK: Geez, Bobby, why not compare her to a babboon in the zoo?
DALE: I hate to see Nancy cooped up all Sunday playing that Boggle. It's a beautiful day. She ought to be outside hanging my laundry.

LUANNE: Boy, Aunt Peg, the words I don't know could fill a dictionary.

NANCY: The Elks are having a Boggle tournament to raise their treasurer's bail money.

PEGGY: Boggle is nothing like cow bingo, Hank. Boggle is a game of wits. Cow bingo is a game of strategy.

DALE: Boy, that wife of yours is pretty good. I guess that's why they call her your "better half."
HANK: Who calls her that?
DALE: They.

HANK: I don't want you going to Dallas at all! That place is crawling with crackheads and debutantes. And half of them play for the Cowboys.

BOOMHAUER: Check it out, man...Talk about a road trip...Up at that Big D... motel, man...Talk about THE BIGGEST NAMES IN MOWERS, EDGERS AND CLIPPERS! BE THERE!... man, it's gonna be fun.

HANK: Come on, Peggy, we've got to get to Dallas before the gangs wake up.

LUANNE: Can I go back to bed, Aunt Peggy? I need to get eight hours of beauty sleep and then write a paper on it.

BOBBY: Luanne, that movie's got bad words and adult situations.
LUANNE: Not any more. I rented it at Blockbuster.

PEGGY: It's okay, Hank. Valet parking is included in the price of the room.
HANK: I don't like the looks of this one, Peggy. He's just itching to take my truck for a joy ride.

CHUCK MANGIONE: So take it from me, Chuck Mangione. Unplugging the iron feels so good! Can you dig it?

HANK: Peggy married me! I didn't marry her!

BURNETT: The Duke himself, John Wayne, was really named Marion.
HANK: You take that back!

PEGGY: I have dreamt of this moment ever since I was ages 8 and up.

PEGGY: You can't leave now! You are my coach! I need you! You of all people should understand. I am at state! This is my moment. When I close my eyes, I see myself in the winner's circle and you are right there next to me. My coach! My man! And we drive back to Arlen with that big-ass boggle trophy mounted on the hood of your old truck like some beautiful gold-plated, bare-breasted Rolls Royce angel!
HANK: Well, when I close my eyes, I see myself at the mower show. And you're there, too. Like some beauty queen of Yore, wearing a fur coat, and a, gold, uh, hat... Oh, all right, I'll stay.

PEGGY: I am so stupid.
HANK: You're not stupid. Heck, you're smarter than me!
PEGGY: Oh, big deal.
HANK: Well, you're smarter than anyone in Arlen.
PEGGY: Well, whoop-dee-doo! I am the smartest hillbilly in hillbilly town!

HANK: Hey, you know, Coach used to say something that would fire us up when we were behind.
PEGGY: Yeah? What?
HANK: LOSER! YOU'RE A LOSER! ARE YOU FEELING SORRY FOR YOURSELF?? WELL, YOU SHOULD BE! YOU ARE DIRT! YOU MAKE ME SICK, YOU BIG BABY! BABY WANT A BOTTLE!? A BIG DIRT BOTTLE!?
PEGGY: Why are you yelling at me??
HANK: Uh, I'm trying to be your Coach. Uh, it's, it's inspiring.
PEGGY: Well, thank you, because I feel worse than ever.
HANK: Well, it worked for the team.
PEGGY: No, it didn't. You went to state and lost.

DALE: Two days ago, you were like a little boy, all excited about the mower show. Now you're this strange man holding a purse. Which is it, Hank? Are you some kind of man? Or are you a little boy?

BOBBY: Are you sure you can get that ring out? Look, I can't afford any more screw-ups. I just spent my last dollar on deodorizing carpet sealing.

BOOMHAUER: Aaaagh! I ain't got no fingers!

PEGGY: Sad. Abandon. Abandons. Bad. Man.

CISSY: "Ain't?" Haw, haw, haw! That's not a word!
PEGGY: It ain't "ain't," Cissy, it's "Acquaintanceship." As in, "It was not my pleasure to make your acquaintanceship."
HANK: This grout is supposed to stay white for twenty years. What's it been, seventeen, eighteen? Peggy, where's that receipt?

JOSEPH: I found a sparkplug.
BOBBY: Great! Now all we need are three more of those, four wheels, an engine, some kind of frame and a cassette radio, and we've got our death car!

BOBBY: "The official cigarette of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police." Wow! I never had one of those.
JOSEPH: You ever had any cigarettes?
BOBBY: No. How about you?
JOSEPH: Only second-hand from my dad.

HANK: Is this john occupied? Est esta juan occupado?

HANK: Didn't you read this? "Cancer. Heart disease. Emphysema."
BOBBY: I thought those were the ingredients.

PEGGY: Only trailer trash smoke nowadays! Do you want to look like trailer trash?
LUANNE: That's not fair! I don't smoke!

PEGGY: Oh, honey, you are not trash just 'cause you grew up in a trailer and your momma's in prison.

JOSEPH: I'm sorry, Dad. I'll never smoke again.
DALE: Whoa, hold on, son. I want you to keep an open mind so you can make an informed decision. If you want, you can read a bloated government report on smoking, or go straight to the horse's mouth and get the facts from the tobacco industry.

HANK: For God's sake, Bobby, what nationality are you?
BOBBY: American.
HANK: Then why are you holding your cigarette like some kind of European Nazi in a movie?
BOBBY: Why does it matter? I thought smoking was bad.
HANK: That's not the right sort of attitude for you to have. Whatever you do, you should do right, even if it's something wrong.

ENRIQUE: Things got tough after NAFTA sent all the pinata jobs north.
HANK: That's quite a story, Enrique. I like stories. I like stories about pinatas. In fact, I like everything you have to say.

BOBBY: Hey, all right! You guys smoke too?
HANK: What we do is not the point. I told you not to smoke. Do I have to take you out back with another carton of cigarettes?
BOBBY: I think you do.

LUANNE: I cannot believe you're all smoking! Don't you know more people die of smoking than die of... war... in Vietnam... every day?

INSTRUCTOR: Look to your left. Now look to your right. What do you see? Don't be shy... there are no wrong answers here.
MAN: I see a caring human being?
INSTRUCTOR: No. You see your buddies for a better life.
HANK: I've got the strangest feeling someone's gonna kick his ass.

HANK: Bill, what are you doing here?
BILL: Well, I know you think of me as a pretty together guy, but sometimes I need a little help, just six nights a week for twenty years.

INSTRUCTOR: How long have you been addicted to cigarettes?
BOBBY: Since my dad let me smoke a whole carton.
HANK: Now wait a minute, I didn't let him, I made him! It was a punishment!
BILL: Can I get a new buddy?

HANK: I tell you what you all need, you need to take a thirteenth step, down off your high horse.

BOBBY: Why does my potato have skin on it? I hate skin!
PEGGY: I will not sit here and listen to you criticize my work! What, do you think the potatoes just fly into the bowl and mash themselves?
LUANNE: I know y'all don't mean none of those harsh words. It's just the nicotine withdrawal.
HANK: Why is she still talking?

HANK: I wasn't gonna smoke it, I swear.
LUANNE: I know. You did it! Good boy, here's your treat.

PEGGY: Shut that damn door! Can't you see that I am knitting?

BOBBY: Mom, this is not your son, this is your buddy. Who's your buddy? Who's your buddy?

LUANNE: I am sick of dysfunctional families. I came from one and I'm not going to let it happen to you. Function! Function, damn you!

HANK: We'll smoke it together, you and me. It'll be romantic, like it used to be in the old days, before he came along!
BOBBY: Mom, it's your son. Nine months inside, remember? Those were good times too!

PEGGY: This family has survived floods and twisters and every kind of flu the Orient could throw at us, and we are not gonna be done in by a little tobacco leaf!

BOOMHAUER: Y'all listen up, man... this's Boomhauer... this your lungs on air, this your lungs on smoke... see the difference, man?... it's goin' stunt your growth all over... you'll wind up in a dang ol' hospital bed like Morton Downey Jr...Robert Downey Jr. even worse, man... yo... think they talk about oral gratification, all that dang... it's gonna give you a low sperm count, man... give ya ear hair... yo... it just ain't no good.
LUANNE: Beauty is an art. It's not something you can learn in school, like gym or study hall.

HANK: Bills... Bills... Bills... Why do we keep getting Bill's mail?

HANK: My hair is our livelihood. The advantages of propane don't always sell themselves.

HANK: Luanne, I'm thinking about just letting my hair grow.
LUANNE: Well, have you ever considered another color?
HANK: Men don't do that.
LUANNE: Oh, sure they do. Even President Reagan did.
HANK: Hey, now, if Ron Reagan dyed his hair... and I'm not saying he did... it was only to show his strength to the Communists.

DALE: Joseph's having a party. A boy-girl party. With girls!
HANK: You're gonna need some chaperones, especially if my Bobby's there.
DALE: Don't worry, I've got it all under control. There's not gonna be any hanky panky at my house. Hey, John Redcorn!

DALE: Joseph's getting to be a real ladykiller, too. I reckon he gets that from his old man.

HANK: Hey there, Bobby. I guess they found a cure for the cooties? Heh, heh, heh.
BOBBY: I don't know. What are cooties?
HANK: Well, when I was a boy, that's what they called the germs you got from girls.
BOBBY: Oh, you mean like chlamydia?
HANK: Huh?

LUANNE: Parties are fun, Bobby. Everybody dresses up, and you get to touch-dance...
BOBBY: Touch-dance?? I don't know. What if I get felt up?
LUANNE: Oh, you just need some practice.
HANK: Luanne's right, all you need is practice. You think Jeff Foxworthy just woke up one morning and took some funny pills?

MISS KREMZER: And that's why blondes don't necessarily have more fun.

BOBBY: Are you going to Joseph's party?
CONNIE: Nope. My Dad won't let me be around boys until after I'm married.

BOBBY: It's just a dumb party.
HANK: A dumb party with girls.
BOBBY: I don't like girls!
HANK: Peg, honey, close the screen door.

LUANNE: Look, Aunt Peggy, I got my practice head! It's got real hair and everything!
PEGGY Well, Luanne, it's a very nice hea...
LUANNE: DON'T TOUCH IT! Aunt Peggy, I can't let anything happen to this head before my final. This is my chance to prove it doesn't matter that I wasn't paying attention. I may not be book-smart, but I'm pretty-smart!

BOBBY: There's an after-school special on this afternoon. It's about Jesus.

PEGGY: Hello, sweeth...
BOBBY: Nothing!!

HANK: Hey, Dale, Bill, Boomhauer.
DALE: Don't you "Dale, Bill, Boomhauer" us. You said noon. It's 12:15.
BILL: Do you have any idea how long we've been waiting?

BILL: You know, I feel for that kid. I remember when I was starting out as a young barber. I felt so alone...
DALE: Nobody cares, Bill.

HANK: You look better than good. You look like a weatherman.

HANK: Hell, I'm proud of you.
BOBBY: Hell, I'm proud of you too, Dad. Bye.
HANK: See, Peggy? Our boy is perfectly normal.

BOBBY: Yo, Charisse, you stone-cold fox, what up?

PEGGY: I know it is not my fault. If anything, this is your fault. You made him go to that camp with no toilet doors.
HANK: Don't point your finger at me, woman. You're the one who parks him in front of the TV and makes him watch all them muppets. They got frogs kissing pigs, what the hell did they think was going to happen?

PEGGY: We'll move to Berlin. Bobby will be accepted there. I read somewhere that Germans are a very tolerant people. Their culture admires all kinds of freaks.

HANK: Just so you know, most states won't let you marry a plastic head.
BOBBY: I don't want to marry it! I just needed to practice my first kiss so I don't look like an idiot.
HANK: You're kissing a plastic head, and you're afraid of looking like an idiot?

HANK: You're just using this head as a crutch.
BOBBY: It's not a crutch, Dad. It's something I've come to rely on to help me through life.

MISS KREMZER: First, this is not the plastic head you were issued. Second, just look at the way you shaved against the grain here, here, and here. And these are the worst sideburns I've seen since chair three, which makes me suspect you cheated. F. That means you fail.
HANK: What a bitch.

PEGGY: I realize I am just as much to blame for your condition as the media and the Devil.

CONNIE: Hey, aren't you going to Joseph's party?
BOBBY: I can't. It's a make-out party and my Dad took away my plastic head.
CONNIE: What a buzzkill.

CONNIE: Hey, Bobby, why don't we practice on each other?
BOBBY: You want to kiss me?
CONNIE: No, just practice.
MR. STRICKLAND: Bobby, here's the key to the March of Dimes gumball machine. All you can eat!

MR. STRICKLAND: We got competition. M.F. Thatherton.
HANK: Thatherton!

THATHERTON: See, that's the difference between us. You're a worker bee and I'm a queen.

HOLLOWAY: J.R., J.R., he's a really bad guy, who lives on a ranch with his mom!

HANK: You know, Mr. Holloway, I once had a pair of boots, and then, uh, my Uncle Fess lost his in a tornado.
HOLLOWAY: Oh, you mean a twister?
HANK: Yep. A big Texas-sized twister, I tell you what. Well, that dang twister sucked his boots right off. And you can't bury a man in his stocking feet... it's the cowboy code. So I gave him my boots, and that's the story of what happened to my boots.
BOBBY: Wow, this is great, J.R.! I always thought you're afraid to wear boots 'cause your toes are too fat.

HANK: I'm only not wearing the hat because of a solemn oath I made to President Lyndon Baines Johnson on the occasion of the birth of his daughter Lynda Bird.
HOLLOWAY: Lyndon Johnson killed our Kennedy!

BOOMHAUER: Hey man, look at that ol' Rhinestone Cowboy, man.

PEGGY: All right, Hank, what is going on here? The way Bobby tells it, you bought my freedom from the Comanches with your rodeo winnings.
HANK: And you were worth every penny.

BOBBY: Hey, Dad, I've been going over the stuff you told Mr. Holloway. How could Mom get pregnant with me if you spent the '80s in a Mexican POW camp?
HANK: Look, Bobby, some of the things I told Mr. Holloway... the details aren't important.
BOBBY: I gotta get my facts straight, Dad! There's a Q&A after my speech, and those Sunday School kids are tough!

LUANNE: Hi, Mrs. Holloway, want some cold frito pie?

HANK: Mr. Holloway is from Boston.
DALE: Yeah, I know the place. That's in Taxachusetts, ain't it? Say hello to Willie Horton for me, he's teaching at your kindergarten.

HANK: Please, ma'am, I'm trying to carry on a conversation! Yeah, yeah, I see your rear, very nice. Hey, there's some people over there that want to look too.

HOLLOWAY: Buy me a mint julep.
HANK: Heck, that's not a Texas drink. You can't even keep your stereotypes straight!

CHIFFON: Every night my boss makes me put on this humiliating outfit to seduce some drunk out of his money. Hey, we're a lot alike.
HANK: Why do we do it... Chiffon?
CHIFFON: We do it for the money, cowboy. I never made six figures a year at the potato hut.
HANK: Six figures?
CHIFFON: Oh yeah. Soon I'll have enough to stay at home with my granddaughter and her baby.
HANK: I should be at home helping my boy with his Sunday School report.
CHIFFON: Hey, how about a lap dance?

BOBBY: I don't get it. How could he have fought in the Spanish-American War the same year he invented the world's first pressure-cooking chicken fryer?
PEGGY: Oh, Bobby, your father never fought in any war.
BOBBY: Oh, I know. I've given up on Dad. The man I most admire now is Colonel Sanders.

HANK: I don't want your business, not this way. You want to go with Thatherton, go. But one of these days, when your propane mixture's only eighty-nine percent, and you have a smelly condo development full of crying babies whose bottles haven't been properly heated, you give me a call. My name is Hank Hill, and I sell propane and propane accessories with honor and dignity.

BOBBY: He doesn't have an oil well, he doesn't drive a Cadillac, and he doesn't wear cowboy boots because he's not a cowboy, and on account of they squish his toes. But the man I admire most is a real Texan. He is my daddy, Hank Hill. And I want to thank my dad, 'specially for accepting me and raising me as his own, even though I was fathered by another man while Mr. Hank Hill was in a Mexican POW camp.
HANK: Damn, I've poured my whole life into this lawn. My heart, my soul, the tender feelings I've held back from my family.

PEGGY: Bethany, it does not matter if your avocaydoes are hard. Life is hard. You cannot make authentic guaycamowl out of lima beans and Ritz crackers. Oh, these people! Gringos!
LUANNE: I'm just glad you're in charge of the block party this year, Aunt Peggy. Last year it was all Tex and no Mex.

PEGGY: Would you please tell Boomhauer that Swiss cheese is not Mehican, it is American.

DALE: Wingo, man!

DALE: She can lay a million eggs in a twenty-four hour period.
BILL: Wow. That's more than a human woman does in a lifetime.
DALE: These fire ants are well-organized, highly trained insects. They'll swarm all over you and sting you all at once without warning on a single command. It's how they killed L. Ron Hubbard.

DALE: I see what's going on here... you've got another exterminator. Is he licensed? Is he bonded? Is that it, Hank? Do you want someone who's licensed and bonded?

PEGGY: Why are men so attracted to hoes?

HANK: Without my lawn, I am Bill. Do you want to be married to Bill?
PEGGY: No.

KAHN: Hank Hill, someone steal my TV Guide out of mailbox. First I think it Bill. But then I think, can Bill read?

PEGGY: It's called Eco-Kill, Hank. The government would not let them use the term "eco" unless it was ecologically safe.

HANK: This is exactly what those environmentalists should be spending their time on: Finding ways to use nature against other forms of nature that are inconvenient to man.

BOBBY: Hey, look at that chubby white one. It reminds me of me before my growth spurt.
JOSEPH: That's the Queen, stupid. It looks just like the one on my dad's truck.
BOBBY: You mean Dale Gribble's truck?
JOSEPH: Yeah, my dad.

HANK: Okay, ants, put your heads between your six legs and kiss your butt goodbye!

DOOLEY: You've got ants.

BOOMHAUER: Ashes to ashes, man, dang ol' ashes to ashes.
DALE: I only used as much poison as necessary and not a 55-gallon drum more.
BILL: Poor Hank. Serves him right.
KAHN: Yeah, it does. You know, where I come from, we got a thing called kharma. You do something bad, it come back and bite you in the ass. Big white stubborn ass!

LUANNE: Aunt Peggy, Buckley wants to bring his .38 to shoot off at the block party, but Uncle Hank said nothing bigger than a .22.

BOBBY: Feed, my Queen, feed.

NANCY: Oh, sugar. We're out of sugar, sug.

PEGGY: How could you do it? How could you plant fire ants on our lawn?
DALE: Uh, I'm denying that. That's my position.
PEGGY: Dale, you wrote it on this map: "Three a.m., planted ants."
DALE: If all you're going on is my confession, forget it. I'm simply not credible.

HANK: You sacrificed your life to save my son. I guess that makes us even for you ruining my lawn.

DALE: While I was blacked out, was anything inserted into me?
HANK: You're alive!
DALE: Answer the question.

BILL: I've been saving this for someone special. But I guess she's never coming back.

BOOMHAUER: Yee-ha, ol' Hank, everybody's friend, richest man in the world, just like that old Jimmy... yo.

HANK: I especially want to thank Dale Gribble. Without his paranoid and, well, hateful nature, I never would have learned what kind of beating a friendship can survive. You're my best friend, Dale.
BILL: I thought I was your best friend, Hank.
HANK: Heh, heh, heh. Yeah, well... Heh.
HANK: Bobby! Way to kill ducks!

HANK: He must've killed a thousand ducks.
PEGGY: A thousand ducks! Well, that is wonderful! Did you kill any bunnies?

BOBBY: Can I put a gun rack on my bike?
HANK: Do you know how long I've been waiting for you to ask me that?

DALE: ...So then Ray walks in with the same snow-camouflage bib overalls he knew I planned to wear that same hunt!

DALE: Hank's jacket is so Desert Storm.

COTTON: No wonder that kid from the playground stole your pail! He knows you can't shoot!
LITTLE HANK: I want my binky back.
COTTON: You want your binky back, you gotta come in firin'!

INSTRUCTOR: "I didn't know it was loaded" is not an acceptable excuse. "I wasn't there" or "I never met those people" are better excuses. When I was your age, I used to get so excited about hitting the target that I'd run right out onto the range. That's how I lost this thumb, and later, this eye. If it weren't for the NRA safety guidelines which I eventually accepted, I'd be a stub standing here before you.

PHILIP: I'm a sports psychologist. I worked with the Cowboys.
HANK: When?
PHILIP: Last season.
HANK: Goodbye!

HANK: Do you hang out here all day waiting for someone to miss?
PHILIP: Oh, just in the morning when the lousy shots arrive. In the afternoon, I go to the bowling alley. Losers are very predictable. Here's my card... you're going to tear it up.

COTTON: Someday soon, all of you will be drafted into war. Some of you, like Hank, will be killed. Others can shoot, and may become war heroes.

BILL: What's this about guns being dangerous?
HANK: That's right. They kill people.
DALE: Guns don't kill people, the government does.
BILL: Hank, guns have been around for years. If they were dangerous, I think someone would have said something.
HANK: Most deaths in the home are from guns and gun accessories.
DALE: Let me ask you this: A guy breaks into your house, but you don't have a gun. How are you going to shoot him?
HANK: Dale, that's straight out of the NRA Magazine August issue.
BOOMHAUER: I tell you what, man, that dang ol' NRA is all right, they got that insurance... somebody blows your dang ol' arm off, you get $20,000, man.
HANK: I can't believe you guys. Dale, the NRA is a Washington D.C.-based organization. Are you telling me you support Washington D.C.?
DALE: That's a thinker.

BOBBY: I think I messed up. I made Dad not like guns any more.
PEGGY: Oh, son, that can't be true. Your father's love for guns is unconditional.

HANK: I can't shoot... My aim is terrible, I can barely keep the gun steady.
PEGGY: I still love you!

BOBBY: No Hill has ever been a loser! We fought for Texas at the Alamo!

HANK: All right, here's the deal. I don't believe in that gobbledygook about a subconscious or any other witchcraft. I won't take pills, I won't let you hypnotize or molest me.
PHILIP: Well, I can help you without using witchcraft, pills or molestation, but it won't be easy.

PHILIP: Visualization is probably the only legitimate part of what people like myself practice.

LUANNE: Good news! The McKays just came out of the Gauntlet, and the younger one blew away an entire picnicking family!

COTTON: Sorry I'm late... I had to stop by the wax museum again and give the finger to FDR.

COTTON: Come on, Hank, I got money riding on this shot... on the McKays!

BOBBY: We did it, Dad! Second place in a real father-son tournament! Can I put it on my wall? We were so good out there. We should always be shooting. This is the best day ever. You're the best dad ever. I'm the best son ever.
HANK: Six a.m. and already the boy ain't right.

FINANCE MAN: Sir, if you're callin' me a liar, you better be holding something stronger than an umbrella.
HANK: Nine iron.
FINANCE MAN: Y'all have a nice day.

PEGGY: ...So they asked me to teach German, and I said "nein," which I thought meant yes. But it turns out, "nein" means no. So I blew a big opportunity.

HANK: A man came by from the Shiney Pines trailer park, and he said you still got a trailer there.
LUANNE: No I don't, it tipped over.
HANK: But it's still there.
LUANNE: No, it tipped over!
HANK: Luanne, let me try to explain. I have a beer can. I tip it over. Now, is it still there?
LUANNE: I can't live in a beer can. I can live in a trailer, but I don't have a trailer because the trailer tipped over!

PEGGY: If they had a sponge that cleaned up broken dreams, Woolworth's would still be in business.

DALE: You know how the Egyptians un-tipped the pyramids, don't you? With a winch, a cinder block, and 50,000 Hebrew slaves. You got a cinder block?

BOOMHAUER: Hey man, this is a dang ol' good deal, man, a hundred bucks a month, you get a hook-up, you get them tube-tops jiggling around every way and what not, and nothin' but dang ol' trash, man.

LUANNE: Do you think Alex Trebek is sexy, Aunt Peg?
PEGGY: Get out of my mind, Luanne.

HANK: Sometimes you gotta stop vomiting in the baby bird's mouth and kick her out of the nest.
PEGGY: That's a very clever analogy, but you know from our own sidewalk that we are constantly raking up those little dried-up bird babies.

LUANNE: Did you know I was the first in my family to go to beauty college?
PEGGY: No, I did not know that.
LUANNE: And I'm not stopping there. I have dreams, Aunt Peg. I want to do hair and makeups for TV. I know I'd be good. I believe I could be the first person to fix those bags under Michael Douglas's eyes.
PEGGY: Those are big ol' dreams.
LUANNE: I'm shooting for a star, Aunt Peg. And you know what? I'll be okay at Shiney Pines, 'cause you can see the same stars over that trailer that you can see right here... well, at night.

PEGGY: We want to get on the road before that Dr. Demento starts stinking up the airwaves.

BOBBY: Goodbye, Luanne. I want you to know I never read your diary, even though you secretly suspected I did on June 18, 1995.

PEGGY: Did you even happen to notice that Luanne was crying when she left here?
HANK: Well, when isn't she crying? She cries at weddings, she cries at funerals, there's no rhyme or reason to it.

PEGGY: Luanne loves you, and you have no emotion for her at all?
HANK: I've got plenty of emotions. I was afraid she was going to hug me, I was worried she wouldn't leave, and I was happy when it was over.

PEGGY: Sometimes you make me wonder what the hell is wrong with you.
HANK: Oh, really? Well, speaking of hell, if I wasn't so in control of my emotions, I'd be inclined to say that's the sort of place you should consider making a visit towards!

NANCY: This is not a test. Channel 84 doesn't play those kind of games.

HANK: In case I'm incapacitated for any reason, do you know how to revive a man's heart with a downed power line?
BOBBY: No.
HANK: Well, there's really no wrong way to do it.

BILL: You know, I don't mind you guys making fun of me on a daily basis, but when I have this uniform on, I'd appreciate a little respect.
HANK: You're right, I'm sorry. Of all the army barbers I know, you're the bravest.
DALE: Set your mousse on stun, Bill!

DALE: This tornado's already registered a level two on the Fujisaki scale. A storm that strong will send an egg through a barn door... two barn doors if one of them's open.
BOBBY: What will a level three do, Mr. Gribble?
DALE: Level three will send an egg through a brick wall. Tornado chasers call it "Humpty's Revenge."
BOBBY: Wow.
DALE: Tornado time is like the End of Days, Bobby. The soft shall be blasted through the hard. Chaos will descend upon the well-organized. And the strongest of men will become like a woman of average strength.

NANCY: Nancy Hicks Gribble here for Tornado Watch '97, brought to you by Mega Lo Mart. Mention that your home was destroyed and receive a free five-pound bag of onions. A series of tornadoes has touched down in Arlen County. So far there have been no reports of injuries or of injury footage, but if you know of someone who has been injured or is likely to be injured, please call this station.

LUANNE: So many bad memories. There's the fork Mama stabbed Daddy with... oh, and the empty bottles from that awful night, and... oh, no! Those mango-colored palazzo pants that made my butt look big!

LUANNE: There was a lot of fighting going on when we lived here. I guess I have that effect on people.

PEGGY: "I surely am not unfond of you, Peggy, I tell you what." What kind of marriage proposal is that?

BOBBY: Go to the Mega Lo Mart! They've got everything and a whole lot more, so maybe... just maybe... they'll have fruit pies!

DALE: All right, twister, it's just you and me. Ten years ago you took my shed... did you think I'd just forget? Come on, bring it on!

WOMAN: I need a fuel filter! What are they for? I need one!

BILL: Sorry, I must have a bad case of barber's ear... I can't hear a word you say until you address me as Sergeant Dauterive.
HANK: Bill, please...
BILL: I CAN'T HEAR YOOOU!
HANK: All right... Sergeant Dauterive.
BILL: I don't know if I like your tone, Private.
HANK: What did I do to deserve this? I didn't mean to curse my wife to hell!

NANCY: Nancy Gribble here for Death Watch '97. A level 5 tornado is headed right for Shiney Pines trailer park. Shiney Pines residents, we urge you to remain calm. But if you have any unfinished business, or if you have never experienced the miracle of lovemaking, now might be the time.

LUANNE: You know what I'll never forget, was when Uncle Hank was naked...
PEGGY: That never happened.
LUANNE: But the wind blew all his clothes off.
HANK: Not my underwear.
LUANNE: Yes, it did!
HANK: Not my underwear.
PEGGY: Not his underwear.
HANK: We don't fish for the fish. Ninety percent of what I like about this sport... and it is a sport... is sitting in the boat doing nothing. And the icing on the cake is when God smiles on you and you hook one. And then when you're reeling it in, everything else falls away. You don't think about taxes or traffic or that pushy gal that's trying to get into the Citadel or who's going to take care of you when your mother and I are old and incapacitated. All there is is a man, a rod, a lake and a fish. And it all starts with a hand-dug American worm.
BOBBY: Uh, Dad...? Who is going to take care of me?

JUDGE: Billy Ray Walters, you've entered a plea of guilty. Have your rights been explained to you?
HANK: "Rights?" This better not be one of them Carter appointee judges.

PEGGY: Honey, calm down. If you have a stroke, who will help me take care of Bobby?

LUANNE: Sometimes I get stressed out in the beauty school... you know, with all the combing and politics. And I just do yoga. I can put my feet up behind my head. Want me to show you?
HANK: Aaaah! No! Keep your legs below your waist, for God's sakes!

DALE: You and your worms are fishing in the past, Hank, in the days of black-and-white television and a democratically elected Congress.

RAY: You ever hear of a guy named Jack?
HANK: Well, I went to high school with a guy named...
RAY: No, no, this guy never went to school, he grew up in the hills. But he wrote the book on homemade bait. 'Course it's just a bunch of scribbles 'cause he never went to school.

HANK: Are you Jack?
PUSHER: I got your Jack right here, Jack.

BILL: I like beer, Hank. Don't you like beer? I mean, I love beer.

BOOMHAUER: Man, that's quick, man, talkin' 'bout Hank's the man, man, dang ol' fishin' magician, man.

HANK: Well, now, this is the dangdest thing. This is the same fish I just threw back.

DALE: Don't lie to us, friend, 'cause when you lie, you make an ass out of you and me.
BOOMHAUER: Yeah, Hank, don't be bogartin' that dang ol' bait, man.

BOBBY: Can I have some more butter for my pancakes?
HANK: That's it! I'm going fishing!

HANK: Come on, take the bait, you know you want it.

HANK: Dale, what are you doing here?
DALE: I followed you. Every twist and every turn. By the way, I'm going to need to follow you home.

LAWYER: Mr. Hill, this bass-fishing defence isn't going to cut it. Hmm. Were you abused as a child?
HANK: What? No!
LAWYER: Are you sure? Juries eat that up.
HANK: Maybe I ought to tie that long hair on your head to the short hair on your ass and kick you down the street! I told you, I am not a doper!
LAWYER: Come on, Mr. Hill, we've all used drugs, even the president.
HANK: Not my president... I voted for Dole. Only thing he's on is painkillers, and he earned it.

DALE: I do not recognize the authority of a court that hangs the gold-fringed flag. A flag with gilded edges is the flag of an admirality court. An admirality court signifies a naval court-martial. I cannot be court-martialled twice. That is all.

BOBBY: Objection, your honor! My dad doesn't use drugs. The only thing he needs to be happy is fishing. Sustained.

JUDGE: Gribble, this fish is frozen.
DALE: I caught it. That's my position.
JUDGE: You try something like that again and I'll double your sentence.
HANK: Dale, you giblet-head, if you were going to cheat, why did you buy a frozen bass?
DALE: I had a coupon.

DALE: Don't do it, Hank. He's already caught us cheating once. He'll double our sentence.
HANK: I'm not cheating, Dale. Using cheater bait was cheating.
PEGGY: What we're about to see is British comedy. You may not understand all of it at first, because it's more sophisticated than what we're used to.
BOBBY: That man is wearing a dress.
PEGGY: Exactly.

BOBBY: We learned in school that you don't call them "Indians" any more, you call them "Native Americans." It's like saying "same-sex partner" instead of...
HANK & PEGGY: Bobby!!

JOHN REDCORN: A treasure such as this is priceless to my people.
HANK: Really? What do you suppose it'd be worth to my people?
JOHN REDCORN: Hank, think about what you're doing. It is wrong to take what belongs to another person and...
NANCY: John Redcorn...!
JOHN REDCORN: Well... food for thought.

STUDENT: Hey, man, sign a petition to legalize hemp?
HANK: What's hemp?
STUDENT: It's a cheap and durable source of fibers that can be used to make clothing, rope and paper.
HANK: Typical government over-regulation. Why wouldn't they legalize it?
STUDENT: Well, because it's basically marijuana.
HANK: Aaahh!

FEMINIST STUDENT: That's right, they're breasts. Big deal!

PROFESSOR LERNER: You see, the trick is pretending they're special. I probably could have gotten the title to her house if I'd complimented her stupid glasses.

HANK: Boomhauer, I didn't understand a word you just said. Damn legalese.

HANK: What I'm about to say goes against everything I believe, but you played dirty and you leave me no choice. You are sued, mister. You're all witnesses. And you're all being sued too. You're the witness to that.

PEGGY: Hank, please, Professor Lerner is no idiot. In fact, he's a genius. And that's as far from idiot as you can get before reaching madness.

DALE: I know what you're thinking, Hank, and it's not true. Every once in a while, a guy suspects his wife has a thing for another man.
HANK: That's not what I'm thinking at all. I'm thinking about... cheese logs.
DALE: Uh-huh. My Nancy's going to Corpus Christi for the weekend for some migrane workshop. I'm suspicious as hell. Good thing John Redcorn's going with her... he can keep an eye on things.

PEGGY: Don't tell me you were jealous?
HANK: No! I was just mad that you were spending all your time with that guy, and I wanted you to spend it with me. Jealousy had nothing to do with it.
PEGGY: Oh, Hank, I have something in my eye, but I am also crying.

PROFESSOR LERNER: It's funny, isn't it? Sounds like I could have scored with your wife for the price of a fake bracelet.
HANK: What?!
PROFESSOR LERNER: Okay, you pushed me in. Whatever it takes to make you feel good about yourself. Mr. Hill, violence doesn't solve anything, so why don't we just discuss this like... erf. You know what's funny? You're the one who looks stupid here. Okay, so you're stronger than me. You've proven that. I'm starting to enjoy this! I really am! I want you to push me in the hole! Go on, push me in the hole!
BOBBY: Okay.
SALESMAN: H. Dumpty's is a store with special sizes for special kids.
HANK: Are you talking about a fat kid's store?
SALESMAN: Oh, well, that word won't win you any friends at H. Dumpty's.

HANK: It's a different kind of clothing store.
BOBBY: How is it different?
PEGGY: Well, every snowflake is different in its own special, god-given way. Right, Hank?
HANK: Oh, sure. Some are a lot bigger than others.
PEGGY: But that does not make them any less beautiful.
BOBBY: Are you taking me to the vet?

PEGGY: You should be proud. You should be proud of who you are. Yes, proud! Because you are different. And being different is the most wonderful thing in the whole wide world.

BOBBY: All this time I thought I was an "extra extra large," but that's why my clothes never fit right. Turns out I'm a "medium!"

LUANNE: Models are some of the happiest people on earth.
BOBBY: I like being happy.
LUANNE: Do you have someone to do your hair?
BOBBY: I don't even have a ride.
LUANNE: I can drive you. I'll be your driver/stylist. I'm working toward getting my license in both.

BOBBY: I got my picture taken, I made forty dollars, and they let me keep the underwear. I'm still wearing it, Dad!

HANK: Why are you encouraging Bobby? I'm trying to contain an outbreak, and you're driving the monkey to the airport!
PEGGY: What is the harm in letting Bobby do something that makes him feel good about himself?
HANK: What's the harm? Peggy, kids always victimize the one who's different. Believe me, I know...
HANK: Hey, fatty, you are fat!
PEGGY: Well, times have changed, thank goodness. In today's world, we celebrate our differences. Don't you watch TV?
HANK: You know very well I watch TV.
PEGGY: Well, maybe you should watch a little more closely. The daytime talk shows are just full of people who are standing up and saying "I am different! I am proud of it! Get used to it! Whoo!"
HANK: I'm not saying Bobby shouldn't be proud, I'm just saying he should keep it to himself. And if that means one day he winds up on Oprah with nothing to say, then so be it.

AGENT: There's a catalog shoot tomorrow for Caulfield's of Texas. They're launching a new line of clothing called "Gravitas."
BOBBY: I want that account.

HANK: Tell you what, if you play some catch with your old man, I'll buy you that album you want by those guys I hate.

HANK: My God, Peggy, I feel like I've died and gone to New York.

CARLO: Okay, it's your birthday, yes? You're older now. Where has the time gone, little man? Yes, that's it! And you make a wish for something magical. Don't tell! Run! Run! Look at you go! Go to the fifty! Go to the sixty! This is your Olympic dream come true! They try to tackle you, but you won't let them because you look too fantastic! Hey there, lifeguard, up on your perch so high! All around you they splash and splash, but not you!

LUANNE: My hair is caught in the door.

HANK: Bobby, I know you're probably pretty upset with me right now, but one day you'll understand how much love it takes to crush a little boy's dream.

HANK: I'm in a crisis situation here. I've got to go find Bobby, you two take turns kicking each other's asses.

DOOLEY: What is this?
RECEPTIONIST: It's a fashion show for plus-sized boys. There's going to be music and a fog machine, and it all goes to benefit the schools. Plus free doughnuts.
DOOLEY: We'll do it for the schools.

ANDY MAYNARD: Hey, you want to get into trouble?
BOBBY: No.
ANDY MAYNARD: Then get me a brownie.

BOBBY: Why are you always trying to turn me into you? Why can't you accept me for who I am?
HANK: Yeah, yeah, we both saw that after-school special, but I'm not an alcoholic and you're not an ice skater.

BOBBY: Wow, Dad, how did you know this was going to happen?
HANK: Well, I just know something about human nature, son. If you put teenagers and husky boys and doughnuts all in the same place, you're just asking for trouble.
BOBBY: I feel good right now. I feel like this guy will get me out of anything.
BOOMHAUER: Yeah, man, talkin' 'bout wa-ha-ha-ha-ha, dang ol' boo, man!

HANK: How is a dalmatian scary?
BOBBY: They can bite you.
PEGGY: M-hm, and nine times out of ten they go right for the groin.
HANK: Where are the vampires and monsters and ghosts? Elmo... Aladdin... Jenny McCarthy... I don't even know what these things are.

JUNIE: Why don't we start things off with a little quiz?
LUANNE: Oh, I hope it's open-Bible.

HANK: Eatwells? Sugar-free low-fat fun bars? Peggy, these aren't for trick-or-treaters, they're for diabetics.

LUANNE: Uncle Hank, Aunt Peggy, I have terrible news. Halloween is a Satanic holiday! It was invented by the Druish!

JUNIE: So you told him about the Druids and the candy-corn and he still thinks Halloween is just for fun?
LUANNE: Uh-huh. I felt so stupid.
JUNIE: Oh, no. First of all, in the eyes of the Lord you're a genius. The devil likes to fool you into thinking you're stupid, because it makes it easier for him to trick you. But if you think you're smart, you can resist him. Do you see what I'm saying?
LUANNE: I'm not sure.
JUNIE: SATAN BEGONE!!! Now do you see?
LUANNE: Yes.

PRINCIPAL MOSS: We can't afford another lawsuit. We blew our budget fighting wheelchair ramps and left-handed scissors.

LUANNE: Junie Harper says a haunted house is the Devil's mousetrap, and fun is the cheese.
HANK: Luanne, just when I think you've said the stupidest thing ever, you keep talking.
LUANNE: Junie says I'm smart, so don't try to trick me into thinking I'm not!

HANK: "Junie Harper says, Junie Harper says"... last time I checked, it wasn't Junie Harper's face in the stained-glass window at Arlen First Methodist.

BOBBY: I don't know, Dad, this is vandalism, and vandalism isn't cool.
HANK: Bobby, that attitude is a little immature.

PEGGY: I go to church too, and I have raffled and bingoed and bake-saled my way as close to the good Lord as you. So do not try to one-up me, because I will one-up yours.
JUNIE: "The complacency of fools will destroy them."... Proverbs.
HANK: "Get out of my house."... Exodus.

DALE: The vandalism upon my house can only be described as a hate crime. Somebody hates me.
COUNCILMAN: Let the record show that somebody hates Dale Gribble.

BOBBY: I heard Satanists like my dad always sacrifice virgins, so we both better be careful.
LUANNE: Oh! Uh, m-hm.

JUNIE: I guess the old saying is true: Sex kills.

MAN: Where's grandpa?
JUNIE: Ugh! That's your grandpa?
MAN: Haven't you heard? Our ancestors are monkeys!
WOMAN: Stop him! He's eating the baby!
MAN: We can't. It's against the law to teach creationism.

LUANNE: I think that it's better for a child to recieve wholesome impressions from established religious authorities... than participate in rituals that are conducted by people who really don't even realize that they are pawns of the devil.
PEGGY: Whoa, little Missy, I have had it up to here with your baloney! I have taken you into my home, I have sheltered and fed you, but if you step between my husband and his son, I will cast you out like yesterday's garbage!
LUANNE: But, but...
PEGGY: Uh-uh. From now on you leave the parenting to us. We get a magazine about it.

HANK: I came very close to spitting out beer.

BOOMHAUER: Hey, man, check it out, don't need no dang ol' costume, man, I'm a dang ol' mime, man, 'cause I'm tryin' to get out of this box, man... next I'll play dang ol' tug of war, man.

DALE: Boo! I am a high-priced Washington lobbyist peddling influence. Who wants candy?

JUNIE: You'll go to hell!
HANK: You'll get candy!
JUNIE: Hell!
HANK: Candy!
JUNIE: Hell!
HANK: Candy!
BOBBY: Stop! I don't care about candy! I just want to be with my dad.

BOBBY: Hey, Dad, I was just kidding before. I care about candy. I care a whole lot.
BOOMHAUER: Yeah, man, I tell you what, man, I seen a rake... in the Smithsonian, man, next to Lincoln's hat and Archie's chair, man... in the dang ol' Caveman section.
POPS: Don't you cuss at me, Jimmy Dean!

DALE: My Joseph better not be sterile... I need my seed to live on. Certain plans of mine require additional Gribbles.

DALE: That noise has been giving Nancy headaches all week, then yesterday her back broke out in scratch marks.

HANK: Okay, you're joking. Well, I've got a sense of humor. I laugh at Tony Danza.

BOBBY: Please, Dad, can we please pay paintball?
HANK: Now, hold on a minute... let's see, they give you kids guns and let you shoot at each other? Yeah, okay.

LUANNE: Wow, this is a really good Xerox of you.

HANK: I am a finely tuned ex-high school athlete. I spent four years holding guys like you upside down over toilets.
CANE: I don't care how many guys you held in the men's room, you still can't beat us.
HANK: What do you say, you want to teach some punks a little respect?
BILL: Yeah!
DALE: Very little!

HANK: All right, men, let's paint some ass!

HANK: This is no time to go easy on these punks. That's the mistake their parents made.

BILL: Who wants a cold one? You want a cold one? I've got some cold ones here, they're cold.

BILL: Some friends you are! When my wife left me 'cause I was lazy and dependent, did any of you find me a new one? No!

BOBBY: He's so cool. He told me I could be the Stubborn Stains's groupie.
HANK: The word is "roadie," Bobby, he meant "roadie." At least I hope to God.

PEGGY: Have you forgotten who you are? You are Hank freakin' Hill! The man who won the Texas Propane Association's Blue Flame of Valor award! The man who drove raccoon after raccoon out of our attic, armed only with a broom-handle and a pillowcase! And the man whose sperm struggled through that tiny urethra God cursed you with to create our wonderful son!

BOBBY: Dad! The raccoons are back!

DALE: Rematch? I thought we agreed never to discuss the horrors we saw on the killing fields of the fun center.

POPS: Don't try to figure 'em out. They can't be figured. Just shake your fist at 'em like this!

LUANNE: Buckley, I'm going to Cane's concert as his special guest, not his girlfriend.
BUCKLEY: I don't know. I don't trust this guy.
LUANNE: Well, if you're so worried, come with me. Cane told me to bring a friend for the drummer.

HANK: You were right, Bill, teenagers are cruel. They'll pick on the slowest, heaviest... well, the important thing is you were right, Bill.

CANE: Three down, and... one to go.

HANK: I think you're gonna enjoy the world of acoustics.

CANE: Good Lord! That could start a fire!

POPS: What's he doing now?
HANK: He's stompin' it good.
POPS: And there's doodies in there, right?
HANK: There sure is, Pops, there sure is.
BOBBY: I just sang a song parody, Dad. Like Weird Al Yankovich.
HANK: Son, Al Yankovich blew his brains out in the late '80s after people stopped buying his records. He's not worth getting into trouble over.

MR. GRANDY: You're not bad dads, you have bad-dad habits.

DALE: I believe a child benefits from the psychological approach. When I need to correct Joseph, I tell him he's adopted.
BILL: My dad used to punish me by telling me I was a girl. He used to make me wear dresses. Pretty, pretty dresses.

HANK: Kahn, what are you doing? Mowing the lawn is a privilege, not a punishment.
KAHN: I'm putting fear of God into Kahn Jr. She learn what it like to be you!
HANK: You know, it's that kind of permissive parenting that forfeited your country to the Communists.

CONNIE: Parents are such a drag.
BOBBY: Yeah, they're always treating us like kids. We're not kids, we're pre-teens. Dammit.

CONNIE: I don't like Joseph. He threw a dodgeball at me once.
BOBBY: Well, I'm sure he had a good reason.

JOSEPH: Come on, guys! It'll be like sneaking into an "R" movie.
CONNIE: You've been to an "R" movie?
JOSEPH: Yeah, but the only person naked was Harvey Keitel.

JOSEPH: The caves are probably dark, so let's get butane lighters.
BOBBY: My dad says butane's a bastard gas.

DALE: Have you seen Joseph? He's not back with my Pick Six numbers and I'm starting to worry. I can't win it if I'm not in it.

MINH: Calm down, Peggy Hill. Look at my hand. Still as a Monet water lily.
PEGGY: Well, being calm comes natural to you Buddhists. So what if Connie's run away, huh? She'll just come back as a grasshopper or a sea-horse!

CONNIE: What's the Boneyard?
JOSEPH: I can't remember. It's either the place where old people go to die or young people go to make out.
BOBBY: What if you're wrong, and it's where young people go to die and old people go to make out?

LUANNE: Guess what? Monsignor Martinez rented a sports car in the name of those little babies.
MONSIGNOR MARTINEZ: Vaya con Dios!

HANK: Randy, have you seen Bobby and Joseph and that Kahn Jr.?
RANDY: Maybe, maybe not. What are you gonna do to them?
HANK: We're gonna tan their hides.
RANDY: They're in the caves. I did the right thing, I told them not to go in there, I did the right thing!
EUSTACE: You heard him, Hank. We have no legal responsibility.

HANK: Dale, why don't you go tell Peggy and Minh we're here so they don't worry.
DALE: I notice my wife's name was not among those mentioned. Am I to assume Nancy should continue worrying?

HANK: I need to get my bearings.
KAHN: While you get your bearings, my child bearing your child's child!

BOBBY: I see things clearly now. I'm going to grow up without anyone to love, and die friendless and alone like Weird Al Yankovich.

PEGGY: I'm sure they are safe and not exploring each other's bodies.
DALE: Even if they are, there's nothing lovers do that could possibly take this long. Am I right?
JOHN REDCORN: Yes, if you only consider your own needs.

NANCY: Honey, you want a beer?
DALE: How did he know I wanted a beer?

KAHN: Great, our hopes for survival pinned on Dale Gribble. I'm gonna die like English Patient girlfriend. Long, painful, boring death!

KAHN: It makes me nervous, that Joseph with Kahn Jr. His whole family like a Tennesee Williams play.

KAHN: What you call second base?
HANK: Well, where I come from, it... ahem... means... uh... meaning that... you see, when two people are attracted to each other... your hand...
KAHN: Don't try to explain a home run, you have a heart attack. In Laos we call it pa son pate.
HANK: Pa son pate. I like it. It sounds clean. We need more good euphemisms like that in this country. So tell me, where'd you hit your first pa son pate?
KAHN: Luang Phrabang City. Wild town, man. Spring break and two out of three guys are monks. Try not get some pa son pate!

HANK: Boomhauer, I can't understand a word you're saying! Must be the echo!

KAHN: Kahn Jr., you come with me. We go get ice cream and tetanus shot.

BOBBY: I think Connie likes you.
JOSEPH: Nuh-uh, she likes you. The minute you said we could eat you, she was yours.
PEGGY: Your mother told you almost a year ago that she had a boyfriend.
HANK: She said "gentleman friend." I didn't know it was the same thing.

TILLY: Garry's nothing like Cotton. He's got a big heart. Of course, the doctors call it "enlarged."

DALE: So he's Jewish.
HANK: Yeah, Dale, he's Jewish.
DALE: There's nothing wrong with that in and of itself.
BILL: Is he funny?
HANK: He doesn't seem too funny.
BILL: Seinfeld's funny.
HANK: Seinfeld's funnier than Garry.
DALE: I'll bet Garry... Kasner, is it?... I'll bet he's funnier than Cotton.
BOOMHAUER: Cotton ain't no funny at all, man... Dang ol' POW camp... bamboo shoots... talkin' 'bout puttin' 'em under his dang fingernails... freak me out about that.
HANK: I thought my mom had learned her lesson when she had the good sense to dump my dad. But now she's found another guy to treat her like a bellboy.
BILL: Whoopi Goldberg's funny.

BILL: Garry doesn't eat steak 'cause the cow is sacred to his people.
DALE: Nope, you're thinking of the Hindus. The pig is sacred to the Jews.
BILL: I wouldn't, myself, never join a religion that restricted my diet. I wouldn't want to get into heaven that way.

GARRY: You I like.
BOBBY: You said "you I like" instead of "I like you." That's funny. I like that. Wait... "that I like."

TV PREACHER: And I ask you, Lord, to take this man's hiccups to heal him!

PEGGY: I just think it would be nice to celebrate his traditions too. Bobby could blow out all the candles on Hanukkah eve and make a wish.

BOBBY: Basketball I can take or leave.
PEGGY: Honey, don't you mean "I can take or leave basketball?"
BOBBY: No, Mom, Garry taught me this. It's the cool new way people from Arizona talk. You want I should teach you?

LUANNE: Let's go! If I miss the tip-off, I don't know which team is going for which basket.

BOBBY: Blind he's gone now!

PEGGY: What kind of a doctor are you anyway? Will you do something? What are all these machines for... what about that laser? Use that laser on my husband right now!

HANK: I saw Mom and Garry in the throes of... activity.

HANK: I'm not gonna be blind forever, you know. And the second I see some ass, I'm kicking it.

COTTON: Still blind, huh? Or are you faking? Either you're blind or you're slow. I'd believe both.

HANK: Dad, I gotta take your shoulder here.
COTTON: Hands off, girlie! I didn't fight off a bunker full of horny privates to let you cop a feel.

COTTON: Where's my eggnog?! Bring me my eggnog!!
PEGGY: I told her you were busy "wrestling" with some word problems. [laughs] Oh, Peggy!

DOUG: Why choose basketball? Well, for one thing, it's the only sport where you get to bounce a ball. Bounce a football... that's a fumble, isn't it? Baseball... no bouncing at all. Bounce a ball in hockey... that's a mandatory drug test right there. So join the basketball team. Thank you.

PEGGY: We are offering you girls a special program that combines the thrills of wrestling with the skills of basketball, in something we call "General Sports."

BOBBY: Dad, guess what? I joined a team!
HANK: A sports team?
BOBBY: Uh-huh. Wrestling. It's the best sport ever, Dad! There's no running!
HANK: Way to go, boy! Wrestling's a damn fine sport. Hell, it's an Olympic sport! And this is offered through the school, isn't it? Not some guy in a van with a camcorder?

DOOLEY: What are you here for?
PEGGY: Well, Dooley, a pre-teen girl is like a skinny little tree about to enter the hurricane of adolescence. And if we don't protect and nurture this little tree, before you know it she'll be bitter and pregnant. For that reason, I'm asking the principal for a new basketball for the girls.
DOOLEY: I peed in some kid's locker.

PEGGY: Hank, what if Bobby was a girl?
HANK: Well, that's just it, Peggy, I don't think we have to worry about that anymore.

BOBBY: You didn't use real wrestling. If you use real wrestling, it's impossible to get out of that hold.

CONNIE: Maybe sports wasn't such a good idea. Maybe I should do yearbook instead, or chess club.
PEGGY: Connie, don't you say that. Yearbook is a shameful, squalid waste of time.

PEGGY: Title IX of the Civil Rights Act clearly prohibits sex discrimination in public schools, and guarantees equal athletic opportunities for all boys and girls.
COACH: Yeah, well, Roe vs. Wade doesn't apply to my wrestling team.

CONNIE: Dad, maybe being on the wrestling team can help me get into Harvard. Remember how disappointed you were with my application essay? You said my first draft lacked life experience.
MINH: She right. Connie play violin, sculpt with metal and speak three languages, but what set her apart?
KAHN: I thought being smart person in Texas set her apart.

KAHN: If my girl doesn't wrestle, I'll show you who put the sue in Souphanousinphone!

COACH: This all goes back to Title IX, Dick Nixon's biggest mistake.

HANK: It's all well and good to talk about equal rights until some man loses his job. How is that equal?
BOBBY: Yeah, and it's worse when they take away our favors, 'cause we're used to getting them.
BILL: Now hold on, Hank, I'm all for ladies wrestling, except when they do it in pudding. That's just demeaning to the human beings who make pudding.
DALE: Ever since they held that big women's conference in Beijing, co-ed sports has been the number-two priority on the international feminite agenda. Want to know what the number-one priority is? Co-ed bathrooms. It'll be a cold day in hell before we institute that in the Gribble home.

HANK: I thought you were busy teaching girls to blow up basketballs. When did this turn into a desire to ruin wrestling?
PEGGY: Oh, give me a break. I don't see how having a girl on the team would ruin it. Did a woman judge ruin the Supreme Court?
HANK: Yes, and that woman's name was Earl Warren.

PEGGY: Connie is picking up the bat that was ripped out of my hands as a little girl by that little man from the Little League. But Bobby... Bobby's my only son. I don't know if I can choose.
MINH: Choose Connie.
PEGGY: But Bobby's my only...
MINH: That not my problem. Choose Connie.
PEGGY: Oh, what do I do? What do I do?
MINH: Choose Connie. Choose Connie.

DALE: Wrestling a girl. That's a tough one, Bobby. If you win, you get the shame of having beat up a girl. If you lose, you just better hope she snaps your neck. That's the quickest way.
BOOMHAUER: Yeah, man, talkin' 'bout you're danged if you do, danged if you don't, man.
BOBBY: Dad, what am I gonna do? I'm danged here, I'm royally danged!

CONNIE: Can we please just forget I ever said anything about this stupid wrestling thing?
KAHN: What? No! I go out on giant limb for you, Kahn Jr.! You lose, you no longer my son!

PEGGY: Luanne! Quarters!!!

PEGGY: I'm sorry, little Jeffrey.
LUANNE: That's Bobby.
PEGGY: Oh, yeah. I wanted to call him Jeffrey, but some man wouldn't let me.
LUANNE: You mean Uncle Hank?

KAHN: Mom capture everything on video camera, include in Harvard application.
CONNIE: Dad, I'm not even in high school yet.
KAHN: And you never get there with that attitude.

HANK: Son, I know everyone's been filling your head with crazy stuff, but I just want you to know this: Connie killed your frog.

COACH: That's not Olympic-style wrestling.
CLARK: Nope. That's real wrestling.

CONNIE: I wanna go to a party school! Yeah! Chico State!

HANK: Look at him explode! That's my boy!
PEGGY: That's our boy. That's our Jeffrey.
PEGGY: Okay, I have been through this before in Montana. Nobody lick any flagpoles!

HANK: Good news, Buck. We can get propane to the nursing homes by diverting it away from the Museum of Modern Art. If anyone asks, it was a tough choice.

MR. STRICKLAND: Got-dang it, I'm having an infarction!

PEGGY: Hank's priorities are propane first, family second, and friends third. In that order.

VICKERS: Can anyone tell me what this means?
EMPLOYEE: You're gonna be doing drug testing?
VICKERS: You're thinking of "P.C.P." And yes, we are.

HANK: He has the nerve to give me flex time. That's what they give pregnant women and other disableds.
BILL: I don't know, Hank. Sounds like he's trying to empower you. That's the fifth building block of total quality management.

DALE: If you want, I can show you how to make a bomb out of a roll of toilet paper and a stick of dynamite.

BOBBY: What's a tattler?
HANK: It's a meter that tells the boss when the driver stops and for how long. It's designed to prevent goof-offs, lunch breaks, unscheduled stops... all the things the drivers' union fought so hard for.

PEGGY: Meow! Meow! Look at me, I'm a kitty! Meow!

PEGGY: Oh, my Lord! The stove! It's not propane, it's electric!
HANK: No!
PEGGY: Yes!
HANK: Well, it had better be self cleaning, because I think I'm gonna vomit.

MR. STRICKLAND: I been usin' tattlers off and on for years. Back in the old days we used midgets, stuck 'em behind the seats with a bucket of ice to keep 'em cool. That's till OSHA came in and put them poor little people out on the street. That's what they like to be called, Hank, "little people."

HANK: I've been taking a long hard look at the propane business, and it's kind of like seeing a woman with her makeup off.
LUANNE: Sharona Johnson came to beauty school once with her makeup off, and nobody told her. [giggles] That was mean.

VICKERS: Fine! Quit! I've got a whole alumni newsletter full of friends I can call on. They'll drive those trucks just for the life experience.

MR. STRICKLAND: Hank, it's your old buddy Buck Strickland. That Vickers mucked things up worse than Jack Kennedy at Piggy Bay. So I got no drivers, I got no right-hand man. I need you, old top, I need you bad.

HANK: Bobby! Bobby, get out here, boy! I'm leaving the propane business and opening a general store!
BOBBY: Okay.

HANK: General stores are "Ma and Pa." If you're not there, people are gonna make assumptions, like "Did Pa kill Ma?" They aren't gonna want to buy batteries from me if they think you're back in the freezer hanging from a meat hook. Am I wrong?

HUGH: Mr. Hill, it's Hugh Jimmerson. My heat's gone out. I've tried wearing turtlenecks, but they make me look French.
HANK: The terrible truth is that America, the best country in the history of the world, no longer makes television sets. If I let this one fall apart, I let a piece of America die.
BOBBY: Well, couldn't we just get a Japanese one?
HANK: Bobby, go to your room.

LUANNE: Why are people so mean, Aunt Peggy? It's been 2000 years since Jesus was born, but we're still acting like cavemen.

LUANNE: The world's going to pieces. I mean, look at any newspaper... aliens are getting autopsies and devil babies are being born every day.

HANK: People are still talking about Super Bowl 23... Boomhauer's dip was so thick, the chips were snapping like Joe Theisman's birdy leg.

HANK: You're pretty good with those.
LUANNE: I used to play with puppets all the time with the social worker.

LUANNE: I think God has a plan for me, and it involves puppets.

REVEREND THOMASON: Luanne, I like the idea of a Christian puppet show, but try and look at this from my perspective as the spiritual leader of this congregation: We just laid new carpeting in the activities room. You get thirty kids in there and lose their attention... fruit punch all over my new carpet.

LUANNE: You know how Baby Jesus was born in a manger? Okay, Baby Jesus was born in a manger.

REVEREND THOMASON: For those of you who didn't hear my sermon this morning, let me remind you that spilling anything on a new carpet is a sin.

LUANNE: Once upon a time, almost two thousands of years ago, our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ was born. In a manger. And in that manger lived the cutest little animals. This is their story. 

HANK: I'm the assistant manager of this theater. I sell popcorn and popcorn accessories.

LUANNE: Thank you, Mr. Assistant Manager! Meow can we ever repay you?
HANK: By never forgetting this lesson: Sneaking into the movies is wrong. As wrong as spilling juice on a new carpet.
REVEREND THOMASON: Bravo! Bravo!

NANCY: You know, Luanne really shouldn't waste this kind of talent on church. If you want, I could show her tape to my boss at Channel 84. He's always looking for quality children's programming and home videos of things blowing up.
PEGGY: Well, Luanne really could use a boost right now, but I could not take advantage of our friendship like that.
NANCY: Oh, Peggy, honey, this is show business. That's what friends do.

PEGGY: Another Super Bowl, another can of Scotchguard. It would be a whole lot simpler if you would just ask Bill not to wipe his hands on the cushions.
HANK: I've got a better idea. You sit here. Me, Dale, Boomhauer and Bobby will sit here. We'll do a zone defense around the chips.
PEGGY: But what if Bill tries scrambling around the coffee table?
HANK: He doesn't have that kind of quickness, Peggy, not anymore.

HANK: As soon as I'm finished turning beer into water, I'll join you in the garage.

BOBBY: Hey, Dad, if you're God, I guess that makes me Jesus!
PEGGY: Bobby! Honey, you really shouldn't say things like that. That is for Luanne to decide.

LUANNE: Joe Sixpack! He's a drunk driver who crashed his pickup truck and was sent to Hell. And then he borrowed Satan's pickup truck without asking and trashed it, and he got kicked out of Hell, and now he roams the earth riding buses and doing evil, like he doesn't call you on your birthday or he throws beer bottles at your head!
HANK: What?? He crashed a truck? You will feel my wrath! Ha ha ha ha ha!

DALE: The Super Bowl was pre-taped six months ago in the same Nevada hangar where they faked the moon landing.

LUANNE: God's vengeful on that line, not angry. Let's try it again.

LUANNE: Uncle Hank, I just realized that my octopus only has six legs. Maybe if I call him a sextopus... do you think I'll offend sensibilities?

LUANNE: So you're not coming?
HANK: I didn't say that exactly. I said I was going to watch the game, but it could end early due to injuries, or, uh, a terrorist attack!

PEGGY: Hank, Luanne believes in you! How can you allow suffering in her world when you have the power to prevent it?
HANK: Suffering is a part of every religion, Peggy. I mean, look at what the Jews have been through, and you never hear them complaining.

PEGGY: 'Bye, Hank, enjoy the Selfish Bowl!

NANCY: This just in: Ten minutes into the first quarter of the Super Bowl, it's sixty-three degrees and partly cloudy.

HANK: What the hell is going on?
BILL: All I know is, this is the part of the movie where I start thinking "Why don't they just get out of the house?"

LUANNE: Don't be an idiot, Luanne, God's not coming! He's watching the Super Bowl! Now get in! Eee-yaaa! We better do what he says! Well, he is our only ride.
HANK: Luanne, no! Don't get in the car!

LUANNE: If God doesn't get here soon, we're all gonna die! Maybe it's best that we do die. Who wants to live in a world without God? You're right. Hey, Joe Sixpack? Why don't you just point your car at those oncoming headlights and let's get this over with?

LUANNE: Oh, my God!
HANK: Yes, I have come!
LUANNE: Thank you, Uncle... Lord! We never stopped believing in you!

TROY AIKMAN: A bunch of the guys were snapping towels in the locker room, and I went to Bible Study to get some perspective on it.

BOBBY: Mom, I borrowed the batteries from your remote control.
PEGGY: What remote control? I don't have any remote control.
BOBBY: Sure you do, in your purse! The universal remote that can change the channel on any brand of TV! I borrowed the batteries for my Game Boy.
PEGGY: When?
BOBBY: Before the Super Bowl.
PEGGY: But if the remote had no batteries, then how...
BOBBY: Or maybe it was after the Super Bowl. I don't remember.
HANK: Bobby, if you give a Valentine to a sixth-grade boy, girls are gonna think you're sensitive. And something like that can follow you the rest of your life.

LUANNE: Since Buckley said he's going to forget Valentine's Day again I've finally made myself realize that to love yourself, that's the greatest love of all. Isn't that right, Aunt Peggy?
PEGGY: No.
HANK: No. That's not really true at all, in fact.
LUANNE: Oh.

MADDY: But Peggy, if Hank discovers that you cannot even bake, it is all over.
PEGGY: You think I can't see that?
MADDY: Do not say "can't." You will not use contractions in this house.

LUANNE: Wow, so I guess what they say is true. There is somebody out there for everybody.
HANK: Huh? No, I don't think that follows at all, Luanne.
PEGGY: Nope. Not for everybody. Uh-uh.
LUANNE: Oh.

HANK: The old high school, huh? Boy, I haven't been there since... let's see, the season ended, what, two months?... yep, two months ago.

DALE: Hey, Hank, did you ever wonder what it'd be like to drink beer standing over there?
HANK: Curiosity killed the cat, Dale.

NANCY: The truth is like sunlight. People used to think it was good for you.

KERRI STRUG: It's compulsory that you be my Valentine.

AMY: Who are you?
PEGGY: I am a lot of things. I am a mother, I am a teacher, and I am a wife with some questions that desperately need to be answered. They call me Peggy Hill.

PEGGY: Hank, I can forgive the kissing. I can even forgive the lying. But there's one thing I cannot forgive. Our marriage was built on a wonderful little romantic story. Hank, in my opinion, it was the second greatest story ever told. But now... now we have no story. All we have is a big side of beef and three broken ribs. You break it, you buy it. That's Pink and White for you.

DALE: You gotta do something to sweep her off those big feet, Hank. Toss a little woo at her, see what sticks.
HANK: I don't know. I used up all my good material winning Peggy over the first time.
BOOMHAUER: Tell you what, put a little whipped cream on that ol' plastic wrap.
DALE: Maybe you can steal something from a movie, like Lethal Weapon. Man, those two guys loved each other.
BILL: Yeah, I'll tell you something I saw in a movie once. See, this pig got loose in this couple's house, and they chased it around until they fell on top of each other. And they were laughing, and... giggling, and... loving...

PEGGY: If your lies were dollars, I would have a hundred thousand dollars by now, and I would live off the interest, Hank. I'd still have to keep my job, but things would be a lot easier.

DOOLEY: Your grandmother loves you.

LUANNE: Am I supposed to kill this pig?
PEGGY: Let's see... Trip to Dallas: B. Trip to Waco: B. Trip to New York City: C.

LUANNE: Singles traffic school... Smokers traffic school... Vegetarian traffic school... it's like no matter what problem you have, they have a traffic school for it.

HANK: Excuse me, sir, I don't mean to criticize your lesson plan, but do you have a lesson plan?
BUDDHA SACK: You sayin' a black man can't put together a lesson plan? Well, here's my lesson plan: I ain't planning on teaching less'n you shut up!

HANK: Look, there's something we haven't told you, Bobby, but maybe now's the time. You see, show business is inherently evil.
PEGGY: Hank! We agreed not to have this discussion until Bobby is fifteen years old!
HANK: I know, but it's time for some tough love. Bobby, comedians are show-offs. Sure, they get beautiful women and drive fast trucks, but eventually...
BOBBY: They have fast trucks?

BUDDHA SACK: Hey, Opie Taylor, get your butt up here on stage!

HANK: Sit down, son! They're not laughing with you, they're laughing at me!

BOBBY: My dad brought me here. He wanted to show me how sad and lonesome you are underneath.
BUDDHA SACK: You right, you right. Buddha Sack is a sad man. But not as sad as your daddy's sorry self, with his four eyes, two-minute pies, tuba size, crackerjack prize... somebody help me out here...
BOBBY: And he likes French fries!
BUDDHA SACK: Ladies and gentlemen, this kid's gonna be the white Rerun!

BOBBY: Yo, yo, yo, Bobby Hill is in the house, uh-huh! Would you look at all the white people standin' around, ain't got no butts! Y'all the no-butt-havin'-est people, uh-huh. And white people always be walkin' around like this, like they be crushin' diamonds or something. Look at me, I'm white!

BILL: White people do walk like that, especially in the army.
BOOMHAUER: Heh-heh, talkin' bout no butts, man... tell you why it's funny, man, 'cause it's dang ol' true.

BOBBY: So how come you're in Arlen? I mean, you're really good.
BUDDHA SACK: I got a little risque on Moesha a couple of years ago, and it's been hard for me ever since. Besides, TV's not where it's at, Bobby. It's just giving people the same old stereotypes, playing the same old stories. I don't want to do that. What I want to do is make people laugh and think, you know what I'm saying?
BOBBY: That's why you teach traffic school.
BUDDHA SACK: Yeah... that's why I teach traffic school.

BOBBY: Hey, I've been working on some new material. Check it out. "White people think the 'hood is something on their sweatshirts." And "How come the cops always be pullin' me over? What's up with that?"
BUDDHA SACK: Bobby, let me give you a little constructive criticism: You're not black.
BOBBY: Oh. Okay.

BOBBY: My dad says comedy isn't a real job.
BUDDHA SACK: Comedy ain't about listening to your dad. You think Shucky Ducky got where he is by listening to his dad?

HANK: You have no manners. It's obvious your mother didn't raise you right.
ASSISTANT: Uh-oh.
BUDDHA SACK: What's that? You talkin' about my mother? Let me tell you about your mother! Your mother is so fat, she jumped up in the air and got stuck!
HANK: What??
BUDDHA SACK: That's right, I said your mother is so fat, she free-bases ham!
HANK: First of all, my mother is not overweight. She weighs one hundred and twenty pounds, which is perfectly normal for a woman her age.
BUDDHA SACK: I said your mama is so fat, when she walks around in high heels, she strikes oil!
HANK: I don't think you've even met my mother. If you want to pick on someone, at least have the courage to pick on me.
BUDDHA SACK: Uh-huh, uh-huh: Your urethra is so narrow, the sperm be going through there single file! One two three four, sperm two three four!

PEGGY: Oh, honey, your roots are very rich. Your grandfather and his father and his father's father all were married, and bought houses, and had jobs, and had children.

BOBBY: You're so lucky, Connie, you're ethnic. Joseph and I are just nothing. We're just white and boring.
JOSEPH: Yeah.

HANK: ...And then he said my mother was so large, her stretch marks have names.
MANAGER: Well, has he ever seen your mother?
HANK: No.
MANAGER: Is she overweight?
HANK: Not by half.
MANAGER: Then that's not funny.

BUDDHA SACK: I got something called freedom of speech. Ever heard of the first amendment? Thomas Jefferson be turning over in his grave right now, and the slave ladies on top!
HANK: Now, see here, Thomas Jefferson was a founding father! He designed and built his own house!

BOOMHAUER: Dang ol' cocktail waitress... or two, man, if I find out they're roommates... dang ol' double boink.

HANK: Boomhauer, where'd everybody go?
BOOMHAUER: Yeah, man, I tell you what, man, I took Dale to the dang ol' truck... muffler fallin' off, man, ain't got no brakes, sparks flyin' everywhere... I told him, man, you wanna fix that thing, use dang ol' duct tape, man.
HANK: What? They took Bobby to Snapz?

BOBBY: Okay, how many people here are lucky enough to be members of the Nordic subgroup of the Aryan race? Can I see some hands? Yeah, it's tough being a white man these days, it's tough. Folks, I'm so white, during the riots I went out and bought a television. Is this thing on?

BILL: Shut up, you whitey!

BUDDHA SACK: Opie, that new act of yours is seriously unfunny. Am I right, folks? You ain't allowed to talk that way, not in America. Am I right, y'all? Wrong! We got a thing called freedom of speech, and a man on this stage can say any dumb-ass thing he wants! Uh... besides, look at this kid's daddy! Ain't got no butt at all, no butt at all! His booty so small, he gotta hold on to the lifeguard to keep from fallin' in the toilet!

HANK: If you're looking for a real job, you ought to consider a career in propane. You know, this whole humor fad is pretty much on the way out.

BUDDHA SACK: Check it out! Drew Carey has finally developed a sense of humor! Hey, Drew Carey, your mother is so ugly, when she walks through the bank, they turn off the cameras!
HANK: Well, your mother is so ugly, it affects her self-esteem.

HANK: Hello, I'm Hank Hill.
BUDDHA SACK: And I'm Roger Sack.
HANK: Tonight's episode of King of the Hill dealt with racial stereotypes, particularly the myth that white people do not have butts.
BUDDHA SACK: As you can see from the man standing next to me, that's simply not true.
HANK: Thank you, Roger.
BUDDHA SACK: It's a fine butt.
HANK: Uh... thank you.
BUDDHA SACK: That butt is the bomb!
HANK: Uh, thanks. Cut to The X-Files! Now! Go!
KAHN: Oh, Mickey, you so fine, you so fine you blow my mind, hey Mickey!

HANK: Well, sure, there are some pros: it's a good deal, and I guess there's nothing tying us to the house now that we've got automatic sprinklers. But then there are the cons. The biggest one being, well, Kahn.
PEGGY: Hank, the condo is two stories and very mitad.

LUANNE: I love Mexico. They fast-track new makeups straight to the consumer. Here the FDA tests and tests for years... it's like they don't care how we look.

BOOMHAUER: I tell you what, man, 'bout Mexico, man, you go down there and you load up on them dang ol' Chiclets, man, go down to wheel and deal with them dang ol' guys talkin' 'bout un camino dos mujeres.
BILL: I think it's nice that you're going away, Hank. You need a good vacation with your new best friend Kahn, who you love so much.
HANK: Yes, Bill, I love Kahn. Maybe if this trip works out, I'll marry him and live in Mexico forever. Is that what you want to hear?
BILL: No.

BOBBY: Why is there such a big fence, Dad?
HANK: Well, millions of people come to America in search of a better life, and we've decided we don't need that many.
BOBBY: Did the Souphanousinphones come through the fence?
HANK: No, Bobby, Kahn applied the legal way. Sometimes the system fails us.

PEGGY: Make sure to apply plenty of sunscreen, honey. We are much closer to the sun here than in Texas.

KAHN: What? Oh, no! You think I'm a sucker? You sing for me? I sing for you! [sings] That's what I like about you... you really know how to dance... yeah!!!

CONNIE: How about that trash can there? Let's blow that up.
BOBBY: If this were a cherry bomb, I'd say yes. But this is La Bomba.

KAHN: She blinded me with science... doo, doo, doo! She blinded me... WITH SCIENCE!
HANK: Pretty good job, Kahn. I've never heard that song with only one note before.
KAHN: Yeah, it all about rhythm.

PEGGY: Honey, do you think I'm naive?
BOBBY: No.
PEGGY: Am I just a fool who believes whatever I am told?
BOBBY: I'm sorry.

LUANNE: They had to kill ten turtles to fill one little jar. Neat!

BOBBY: This tastes like turtles.

HANK: What if they find Kahn?
DALE: If I know my Mexican legal system, which I do, we'll get about fifteen years with a starvation diet of moldy bread and warm water.
HANK: Distilled water?
DALE: Oh, no. And of course there is a total lack of toilet paper and privacy.
HANK: Oh, God, I can't go while people watch!

HANK: America is my country and I love her. I wouldn't enter her in any way that's unnatural.

KAHN: Look how easy it is to get into this country. I can't believe I had to learn the Bill of Rights. When am I gonna use that?
DALE: You'd be surprised, Kahn. I take the fifth on a daily basis.

KAHN: You know what's funny? This time I on Texas soil first. I smuggle him in.
HANK: Very funny, Kahn.
KAHN: Hey, I live next door to alien now. My property worth nothing.
HANK: Ha ha.
KAHN: Ah, you got in the baby way. I had to memorize all the presidents. You couldn't do it. That stretch between Polk and Buchanan wipe you out. You ever heard of Garfield? He more than a cartoon cat, you know. He part of history of my country.
HANK: These are my personal private undergarments! Now the whole neighborhood knows I wear them!

BOBBY: Let's get this one. It's like watching TV, only the show is about wet clothes.

BUCKLEY: Hey. Hey.
LUANNE: Hello, Buckley!
BUCKLEY: Hey.
LUANNE: When did you get promoted to greeter?
BUCKLEY: Yester... hey... day.

MR. STRICKLAND: Well, there's the rat-hair in your tuna.

HANK: I always bring back my tapes. Look for yourself, I've returned The Great Santini twenty-three times.

HANK: Bobby, you ever heard of a movie called Cuffs and Collars?
BOBBY: Ooh, I think that's the one with the two cops who don't get along, but then they do, but it's too late 'cause he's dead, but not really.
HANK: So have you seen it?
BOBBY: No.

HANK: Who is calling me a liar, you or the machine? 'Cause I need to know whose ass to kick.
CLERK: I'm not calling you a liar, sir.
HANK: Fine. Where's the ass on this thing?

HANK: How could they think I'd rent a stag film, Peggy? I'm married!

HANK: It's important that you believe me when I say I didn't rent the tape.
PEGGY: Honey, okay, I believe you. I just have one question: Did you rent the tape?

BOOMHAUER: Yeah, man, talkin 'bout that dang ol' Cuffs and Collars, man, like when they come over to clean that pool, man, it starts goin' wakka-wakka-wakka-wakka...

BILL: I'm glad I'm not the only one who is disgusted by pornography. It's offensive! It's demeaning! It creates a standard of idealized beauty that your average man can't compete with.
HANK: Don't worry, Bill, I'm not going to let my credit and good name be done in by a damn computer error.
DALE: Computers don't make errors. What they do, they do on purpose. By now your name and particulars have been fed into every laptop, desktop, mainframe and supermarket scanner that collectively make up the global information conspiracy, otherwise known as The Beast.
HANK: Dale, I'm having a problem with one videotape, not some high-tech boogyman.
DALE: You just be careful. Computers have already beaten the Communists at chess. Next thing you know, they'll be beating humans.

PEGGY: I would like the luxury of vomiting on myself right now, but I don't have any clean clothes to change into.

DALE: Your only way out is to start over with a new identity. If you want, I can get you the birth certificate of a child who died in 1953. It's hardly been used.
HANK: No. I am not a quitter.
DALE: Who's not a quitter? My dead friend Hank Hill, or my new friend Rusty Shackelford?

OLD WOMAN: Mr. Hank Hill? You threw out your mail, son. Don't you want to prolong your lovemaking pleasure for just pennies a night, Mr. Hank?

DALE: You should have seen this coming, Hank. One by one, your friends will desert you. I'll be next.

PEGGY: What do I have to do to get through to you? Do I have to take off my shirt and dance like the women in your movies?

DALE: Yup.
BOOMHAUER: Yup.
PEGGY: Ho yeah!

BOBBY: Mom, look what Dad got me! There's Cuffs and Collars and a whole bunch of other cop movies: Jail Bait, Hung Jury...
PEGGY: How dare you try to expose my son to these, uh, police tapes... that are so degrading to, uh, law enforcement officials?

MAN IN MOVIE: Are you a mounted police?
WOMAN IN MOVIE: Not yet, but a girl can dream.

HANK: Cuffs and Collars, the tape I never rented. Sixty-eight minutes into the film, actress Dee Dee Cupp bends over to shoe her horse. Now, if you pause the tape and look closely, you can just make out a tattoo on Dee Dee's left buttock that says "I heart Charlie Sheen." Mrs. Cupp also makes an uncredited cameo in Jail Bait, a tape which marks veteran porn star Fernanda Valli's return to the adult film industry on the occasion of her eighteenth birthday. At the seventy minute mark, Dee Dee bends over to shoe a donkey. What do we see on her left buttock? Nothing! There is no tattoo! This can only mean that Jail Bait was made before Cuffs and Collars. Now, why is this important? Because Fernanda Valli turned eighteen on July fifth, two weeks after I supposedly rented Cuffs and Collars! Is it possible that I walked into Arlen Video on June twenty-third and rented a movie that didn't even exist? I think not!

JUDGE: And let the record show that Mr. Hank Hill really knows his pornography.
HANK: Thank you, your honor!
JOSEPH: I am General Santa Ana. I led the Mexican Army at the Alamo, where we defeated Texas.
STUDENTS: Boo!
BOBBY: We are at the battle of Cerro Gordo eleven years later and we are hungry. Sir, I will hold your artificial leg while you eat chicken.
DOOLEY: Attack.
BOBBY: Look out! It's the Illinois Volunteer Infantry! Hop on, General!
DOOLEY: I stole your fake leg.

PEGGY: Even as we speak, Santa Ana's real fake leg is making its way from museum to museum on its journey home. I guess you could say the Arlen Museum is the "last leg" of the tour. [laughs] Oh, Peggy!

BILL: ...See, that was in 1976. In 1977, I did wear shoes.

COTTON: You see, Bobby, your daddy's gene'ation's givin' away everything we fought for! Pannyma Canal. Mexican legs. You people would give back Gandhi's diapers if you had 'em!

COTTON: All right, clerkie, take down the first letter of every word I say. "Some Day Governor Reagan Will Run For President."

BOOMHAUER: Tell you what, man, that dang ol' DMV, man, took my picture... had that dang ol' hair hooter that day, man... four years ago... lookin' like Cokie Roberts, man.

COTTON: Looks like we got ourselves a Benedict Arlen.

HANK: I know what's best for my dad.
COTTON: If you knew what's best for me you'd have drowned yourself two days after you was born!

DALE: Joseph, you know I do not sign any document issued by a government institution.

COTTON: I don't take no anesthetic. Did Lincoln ask for girlie gas when they blowed his head off?

CONNIE: And then you killed the German Corporal?
BOBBY: This was World War Two, Connie-girl. He was a Nazzy.
COTTON: Yeah, I severed his windpipe with a two-foot strand of dental floss I kept in my boot. And that's why it's always important to carry dental floss.

LUANNE: Uncle Hank, Aunt Peg, I just heard on the news there's a Santa Claus exhibit at the museum, and someone stole his leg!

COTTON: They took my shins and put 'em on display in the Emperor's pagoda! That's the thanks I get for flossin' them Nazzys!

COTTON: Honey, I'm sorry I said your butt was too small. If anything, it's too big! But I likes you for who you is.

MEXICAN OFFICIAL: Here you are, senor, one driver's license.
COTTON: Thank you! And here you are, one Santie Annie's leg!

ANNOUNCER: The story you have just seen is based on a true event. At the battle of Cerro Gordo in 1847, the Illinois Volunteer Infantry captured the artificial leg of Mexican General Antonio Lopez de Santa Ana, while the General and his men feasted on a lunch of roasted chicken. Unfortunately, Santa Ana's leg still resides in an Illinois museum. If you would like to join the movement to return the leg to the Mexican people, write Illinois Senator Richard J. Durbin. Thank you, and good night.
LUANNE: I don't think Mama would want anyone to take her place. Not unless they took her place in prison... but I guess that's too much to ask.

PEGGY: I will tongue-kiss Bill before I let that tramp in my house!
BOBBY: Whoa.

BILL: I never met the lady, but she did her time.
BOOMHAUER: I tell you what, man, ain't no dang ol' "lady" about her... gettin' all likkered up and pawin' me like an animal...I tell her, no means no.
HANK: Yeah, Leanne's bad news. Peggy's brother was all set to marry a pretty pharmacist gal until Leanne "entertained" at his bachelor party. So he marries Leanne, and after eighteen years of drunken hell she stabs him with a fork.

BILL: The only person I ever showed my toes to was my ex-wife. She used them against me in the divorce.
HANK: You don't have to be embarrassed about your feet, Bill, it's just a medical condition.
BILL: That's easy for you to say, but I don't see you waving your narrow urethra around for everyone to see.

PEGGY: Marriage is about trust, and she betrayed him. It was like a knife in his heart when she stuck that fork in his back.

PEGGY: I'm so proud of what you've accomplished since we took you in. You're in school, you've got a righteous Christian puppet show, you're always so very clean...I just do not want you to get distracted and lose your way.
LUANNE: You don't have to worry about me, Aunt Peggy. That's my mama's job.

LEANNE: You have such a lovely home. Of course, if somebody turned on a fire hose, it would all be ruined.

PEGGY: How long is that woman going to stay here? I am sick and tired of scrambling around to prepare nutritious meals that do not require a fork.

HANK: How's the job search going?
LEANNE: Not so good. My best reference just went in for chemical castration.

LUANNE: Go on. Like we practiced.
BUCKLEY: Hey.

BILL: You must be Luanne's mama.
LEANNE: That's funny... most people think me and Lu-Lu are sisters.

BILL: Oh, I don't know, me gettin' my toes rubbed all night by a pretty girl, in the... okay.

BILL: Our relationship is just starting... it's too soon to ask her to move in with me. We'd be moving faster than the speed of love!

HANK: Dangit, at this rate, my new work bench is never gonna get used.
BILL: Oh, it got used last night. Right after we took a little ride on your mower!
HANK: Aaaghh!

LUANNE: I got so scared when you didn't come. I thought maybe you started drinkin' again and got in a accident or a gunfight.

HANK: Leanne's first husband is working on an offshore oil rig in the gulf, and he swears he's coming ashore until I fax him her death certificate. Now what makes you think you can do any better?
BILL: Because she loves me.
HANK: Then why did she hit you?
BILL: It's a new love game she made up. It's not my favorite, but she seems to like it.

PEGGY: I will not have you running around all glammed up like Phyllis Diller!
LUANNE: You're not my mama. Mama's my mama.

LUANNE: You're gonna marry Mama? This is just like a fairy tale! I'm gonna call you Stepdaddy Bill!

HANK: What happened to your eye, Bill?
BILL: My eye? Oh, my eye... well, it's a very interesting story. I was walking, uh, walking, and I walked into, uh, a door.
DALE: Wait a minute... how is that interesting?

DALE: Poor Bill. His woman is making a fool of him.
JOHN REDCORN: It happens.

BUCKLEY: Help! Get this skank off me!

DALE: Fork!!!

PEGGY: Leanne, whether you like the title or not, you are this girl's mother. She has been waiting her whole life for just a shred of attention from you, but you don't know how to return even a fraction of the love you get from your child or from your man. I hope someday you can live without alcohol, but until that day, we can all live very nicely without you!

LEANNE: I kicked your brother's ass, and I will kick yours too, sissy!
PEGGY: Oh yeah? Well, there's one thing you didn't count on: My brother has size six feet, but I don't! Ho yeah!!!

LEANNE: Oh, think you're better than me, huh? Fine! Then I ain't your sister no more!

HANK: You can't just let her steal your truck, Bill, you've gotta call the police.
BILL: No, I think the best thing to do is just let her go. If she doesn't come back, that means we were never meant to be. And if she does come back, well, then I'll call the police.

BOBBY: You kicked her ass, Mom.
PEGGY: Yes, I did.
BOBBY: But she's a better dancer.
PEGGY: You do not know that.

LUANNE: What should I do about Mr. Dauterive? He keeps introducin' me as his daughter.
PEGGY: Well, the parental bond is very strong, even if it's not real.
LUANNE: You know, the aunt-niece bond is even stronger.
PEGGY: I think so too.
LUANNE: Twin sisters would have the strongest bond.
PEGGY: Especially if they're attached at the head. And next is the aunt-niece bond.
LUANNE: Oh, yeah. Strongest would be an aunt and niece attached at the head.
PEGGY: Well, I don't know how that would happen, but yes, that would be very, very strong.
HANK: If you could eat at Luly's with one of the following, would it be: a) Jesus, b) Mohammed, c) Golda Meir?

HANK: Mr. Harrington, you seem to have a few gaps here in your work history.
MR. HARRINGTON: Well, '33 to '45, F.D.R. was in the White House, so I was on the welfare. And in the '60s, you had Kennedy and L.B.J., so I was on the welfare. And then from '77 to '81, Jimmy Carter, so I was on the welfare.

DALE: I have killed all the bugs in Arlen. It is time for me to take on new challenges. My resume... ay.

BOOMHAUER: I tell you what, man, you work with a woman nowadays, you gotta pull duty like a Kathleen Willy, Slick Willy, man, dang ol' Willy Wonka, wonk wonk wonk.
HANK: Well, she's more qualified than any other applicant, but that only takes us so far. I mean, what are we going to talk about? Our feelings?

HANK: Leon's perfect, Peggy. He's like Bobby without all that stuff Bobby does.

PEGGY: So you were attracted to her! You must think she's one hot tamale if you couldn't even stand to have her in the office.
HANK: Peggy, she's gone, I'll never see her again.
PEGGY: Except when you close your eyes and kiss me, right? Is that what you're saying?

LEON: I wasn't late, I was early. I got here at... what time are we open?
HANK: Eight o'clock.
LEON: Yeah, I got here at seven, and you weren't here, so I went to get some coffee, right? But the waitress, turns out her dog was sick, so I thought, hey, if I take her dog to the vet, she might buy some propane, you know, from us. So there's this line at the vet, because of this farm accident... but try to keep it quiet, she might not hear about it... but here I am with a customer's dog, and I just can't leave her. So I promise I'll never come to work early again.
HANK: Well, that sure is a long story.
LEON: Yeah, that's how you know it's true. So let's sell some gas! Team Strickley rules!

MR. STRICKLAND: Remember, Hank, he's wearing the name "Strickland" over his man-teat.

ANNOUNCER: Fans of Mexican TV know him as the evil Monsignor Martinez, but offscreen, this man of the cloth makes cloth into his own line of casual slacks!

HANK: Bobby, how would you like to help me out around the shop for a few days? I can't pay you, but you can have all the snacks you want. We've got fruit pies, pretzels, all kinds of Newtons...
BOBBY: You had me at "fruit pies."

BOBBY: I have to do all the work because Dad's new employee is a drug addict.
HANK: Now Bobby, Leon's a little slow on the draw, but that doesn't mean he's on drugs.
BOBBY: You gotta trust me on this. When you've heard as many former athletes lecture at your school as I have, you get to know all the signs.
PEGGY: Wait, you hired a drug addict instead of that beautiful chicana? My God, Hank, how badly did you want that woman?
HANK: Just hold on here, Leon's credentials are top-notch, even if they are from the non-profit sector. Six months at Helping Hands Institute, one year at Covenant Place.
PEGGY: Those are detox centers.
HANK: Centers? No, look right here. "Institute." "Place."
LUANNE: Uncle Hank, you're in denial.
BOBBY: Yeah, Dad, you're what Too Tall Jones called a co-dependent enabler.

ANTHONY: It's against the law to fire this man. He's a drug addict.
HANK: Are you sure you don't want to shoot me?

ANTHONY: This is the Americans With Disabilities Act. It ensures that no person, however disadvantaged or short or obese or blind or gay or even stoned, can be discriminated against, once his healing has begun.
MR. STRICKLAND: Hell, right now I'd kill for a big fat blind gay guy if we could just get some damn work done around here!

HANK: Customer. Jason, can you get that?
JASON: Sorry, Hank, I suffer from obsessive-compulsive disorder. If I get out of this chair, Garth Brooks is gonna die.
HANK: Joe Jack, can you get that customer?
JOE JACK: Ha, ha, ha! Much too angry, honey.
HANK: Melinda, a little help please?
MELINDA: Ohh! Too bloated!

HANK: Debbie's got the yuppie flu, and Hector claims he has something called priapism. He wants a roomier work station and a view of Debbie.
PEGGY: Hank, you cannot stand by while these greedy pigs suck the life out of Strickland Propane. Anybody's disabled if you think hard enough.

ANTHONY: Hello, Mr. Hill, I came as quick as I could. From your message it sounded as if you'd become the victim of some kind of discrimination.
HANK: That's right, Anthony. You see, I recently came to realize that I, too, suffer from a disability. It's called G.W.S., Good Worker Syndrome. I get sick to my stomach unless everyone around me is giving a hundred and ten percent. The symptoms include pride, responsibility, and a feverish enthusiasm. It used to be a common condition among Americans.
ANTHONY: Ugh! People like you who abuse the system ruin it for the rest of us... the truly disabled!

LEON: Don't call me Leon any more. That's the name I use drugs with. From now on I want to be called... uh... Hank Hill.
HANK: No! That's going too far. I cannot accommodate that. I won't.
ANTHONY: It's not up to you, Hank. It's up to Hank. This man is not your slave. You don't get to name him.

MR. STRICKLAND: Welcome back, son, you're re-hired. After a six month probation period, you will be eligible for vacation and benefits.
HANK: Probation?
MR. STRICKLAND: Yeah, you gotta understand my position here. Last couple of Hank Hills I had, one of them was a druggo, the other quit on me.

JASON: Hank, if you don't give me another cup, the Oak Ridge Boys are gonna die.
BOOMHAUER: Hey, man, dang ol' wife's in labor, man, gotta get down to the hospital... lamaze partner, man.

BILL: I hate that Jeff Gordon. I bet I could be NASCAR's top money-winner too if my daddy had bought me a quarter midget car, instead of corrective shoes that all the girls laughed at.

PEGGY: Jeff Gordon is handsome, and he's a great champion.
LUANNE: He's the world's fastest Christian.

HANK: Bobby, I know we've never talked about this, but someday I'm going to die. And when that happens, then you can go to cooking school.

BOBBY: The rope is soft and pretty.

BOBBY: Jeff Gordon's a racecar driver too? I thought he was just a cereal box model.

HANK: Nice hustle, son.
TOMMY: I can rest when I'm dead, sir.
HANK: You hear that, Bobby? Now, that is a good attitude.

JIMMY: If you work for Jimmy, you gonna work hard. People up there are hot and dry. They want something cold and wet. You do your job, you make money, but you work hard, 'cause that's the way you work if you wanna work for Jimmy.
HANK: So if I understand you correctly, you're saying you'll teach my boy the value of a dollar.
JIMMY: If you work for Jimmy, you gonna work hard. You make money. The people are hot and dry...
HANK: That sounds fine, thanks.

PEGGY: If someone crashes, here's a Fun Saver, honey. Try to get me two angles.

HANK: Yep. You can say "yep" too, Bobby, you've earned it.

HANK: Bobby, if you weren't my son, I'd hug you.

DALE EARNHARDT: Man, this rope sure is soft and pretty. I noticed it when we unloaded my car.

LUANNE: Okay, we wave this sign around, and Jeff Gordon sees it. He comes up to us in the stands and is so taken by our charms that he asks one of us to marry him.
PEGGY: Well, honey, it probably won't be me. I have got a ring on my finger.
LUANNE: Yeah, and big feet.
PEGGY: I'm only ignoring that because a man is on fire.

DALE: You told Bobby to listen to Jimmy Witchard? He was in my gun club. People say he fried his brain one day staring at the sun. 'Course, he couldn't have been to smart to do that in the first place. Kind of a chicken-egg thing.

JIMMY: Do it, you monkey boy! I'm the boss of you!

BOBBY: I'm gonna cross the track and bring Mr. Witchard a soda.
HANK: That's crazy! Why would you do that?
BOBBY: I'm giving 110 percent, Dad.
JIMMY: Go to here, go-to boy! I want a soda! Go to now!

ANNOUNCER: There is a crazy man on the track! And there goes Gordon into the wall!
JEFF GORDON: Daddy!!!

HANK: Bobby, you worked harder this month than any guy on this block, and I want to give you the money you earned.
BOBBY: Dad, I don't want money. I was happy before when you just bought all the stuff around here, and there was no money involved.
PEGGY: I am field-tripping in an hour and I can't remember any good songs for the bus. What does that John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt do again?
BOBBY: He goes out, people shout. Not a lot more is known about him.

NURSE: Mr. Hill, I've diagnosed your son with Attention Deficit Disorder. He's probably had it for years.
HANK: What? Well, how come nobody ever noticed this before?
NURSE: Very few people have access to the pamphlets. I do.

HANK: It is called Attention Deficit Disorder. Maybe the boy's not getting enough attention.

HANK: Now, I know we've talked a lot about how you should never do drugs, but from now on you'll be taking medication after every meal.
BOBBY: So, do I smoke it or snort it?
HANK: It's a pill, Bobby.
BOBBY: So I guess I'll just pop it.

LUANNE: Bobby, do you know who I am? I'm Luanne, remember?
HANK: He has A.D.D., Luanne, he wasn't hit on the head with a coconut.

BOBBY: There are ninety-six ridges on every checker except this one.

BOBBY: There's some milk in the fridge that's about to go bad... And there it goes.
LUANNE: I wish I had those miracle smart pills.

BILL: My ex-wife, she was a careerist, you know, and one day I had to say to her: "Honey, make a choice, it's either me or the motivational poster industry." Boy, I wish I hadn't said that.
DALE: You know what the root of the problem is, don't you? Feminism. Gloria Steinbrenner, that's what started it. Gerald Ford should have killed her when he had the chance.

BILL: That gal there, she's dressed kinda pro-choice.

EMILY: You said you wanted stuff with strong lyrics?
PEGGY: That's right, but no cursing and no cop-killing. I'm sorry, but that is just how I was raised.
EMILY: Maybe you should try writing a song of your own, Peggy. I bet a woman in your situation would have a lot to say.
PEGGY: What situation is that?
EMILY: You know, having to give up your life's work to make things easier for the rest of your family.
PEGGY: Yeah, I guess a situation like that should make me want to sing.

EMILY: You named your guitar Betsy?
HANK: Yep. It's one of my most precious possessions.
EMILY: Interesting.

PEGGY: That's what a teacher is, a great performer. It's one of the reasons children love school.

PEGGY: It is my day... I should be able to do anything I want.
HANK: Not anything. You can't kill a man. Then you'd go to prison. And with that attitude, they'd put you in the hole.

HANK: Peggy's just not like you, I guess. You devoted your whole life to raising me, and let's be honest, you loved every second of it.
TILLY: Well, actually, I took odd jobs as often as I could, just to get out of the house. Don't you remember the year I drove a taxi?
HANK: No. Wait, I remember one year you had a yellow car.

LUANNE: I tried to study for my beauty exam, but I couldn't concentrate. And then I tried to figure out why, and I got bored.
BOBBY: You must have caught my A.D.D. And I know when, too. It was that time I sneezed in your face.
LUANNE: I don't remember that.
BOBBY: Well, you were asleep.
LUANNE: Bobby, I've got a test tomorrow morning, or afternoon, or evening, or something... Bobby, I need that pill!

MRS. BOOMHAUER: I tell you what, Hank, I come out all the way from Houston and then for dang ol' brunch, man, I raised this boy right, he's just a little dang ol' thing, man, it's the best dang day of the year.

SINGER:
Met a guy in my boxing class,
I slept with him before I kicked his ass.

EMILY: Peggy's here to sing a song about how a woman feels when the world tells her who she has to be.
PEGGY: No, actually I'm singing the one about the turtle stuck in her shell.

WOMAN: Oh, man, kinda copped out at the end there, didn't she?

LUANNE: Welcome home. I cooked you brunch and I tuned your car and I fixed your mower and I ate the brunch.
HANK: Do you know where I can find 4D batteries for my flashlight?
RON: Aisle 30, I think.
HANK: This is Aisle 30.
RON: 15? 3?
HANK: Stop guessing! Either you know or you don't know!
RON: Sir, I'm trying to help you.

LUANNE: If I don't pay my tuition, I can't go to Beauty Academy any more. Can you believe that?
BUCKLEY: How much did you say it was?
LUANNE: Three hundred dollars.
BUCKLEY: Oh. All I got is four hundred. And that's going toward my new trampoline. I mean, my old trampoline's good, but you know.

CHUCK MANGIONE: Your garden will be a horn of plenty with Mega Lo Mulch, now in convenient 50-pound bags.

CHUCK MANGIONE: Mega Lo Mart now has propane and propane accessories at Mega Lo prices, and it fuels so good.

MR. STRICKLAND: Debbie and I stayed late last night, and after that, we thought of a plan.

CUSTOMER: Do you honor Mega Lo Mart coupons?
HANK: No, but for pennies more, you get the same products with Strickland service.
CUSTOMER: How many pennies?
HANK: Several hundred.

HANK: I hugged you!!!

HANK: I know we can never compete with Mega Lo Mart's prices, but I thought we could get a spokesperson, the way Mega Lo Mart cashes in on Chuck Mangione's star power. Now, I've been doing some research on this Zamfir fella, and turns out he's sold more albums worldwide than the Beatles. His music's better too.

HANK: You're firing me?
MR. STRICKLAND: I can't even afford to give you a severance package, but you can have five minutes at the office supply cabinet.

PEGGY: From now on, I'll be the breadwinner of the house. Not that you're the breadloser. We're all winners here!

HANK: What exactly are we selling?
PRESENTER 1: You'll be selling opportunity.
PRESENTER 2: For your initial investment of $300, you can make up to $200,000. It's up to you.
PRESENTERS: You! You! You!
HANK: What's in the box?
PRESENTER 2: Okay, eager beaver, inside each of these boxes are twenty-four little boxes filled with dreams.
HANK: Oh, god, we're not selling steak knives, are we?
PRESENTER 1: Uh... not we... you!
PRESENTERS: YOU! YOU! YOU!

LUANNE: Uncle Hank, what's a BTU?
HANK: British Thermal Unit.
LUANNE: Wow, so there's no bacon in it at all, then.
HANK: I think you've picked up the wrong book there, Luanne. That one's about propane.
LUANNE: I know! I'm studyin' to be a propane salesman, just like you used to be, Uncle Hank.
HANK: That's a neat idea, Luanne. And while you're at it, you can fly around the world in a weather balloon.
LUANNE: I can too get a job selling propane. Buckley said he'd hire me at the Mega Lo Mart.
HANK: Mega Lo Mart? Why don't you just go to down to Hell and work for the devil?
LUANNE: Good thing that I don't have dangerous brain powers, or right now you'd be in a thousand little pieces!

BOOMHAUER: Hey, man, I know how it is, man, you short on money you come on down to the ol' Bank of Boomhauer, get a little cash advance... some additional charges may apply, man.

HANK: How can such a good cop become such a bad priest?

HANK: I'm trying, Peggy.
PEGGY: Don't be a try-baby, Hank. Be a do-baby!

LUANNE: I'm ready for the test, Buckley. I just pushed everything out of my mind except propane... well, and how to get here.

BOBBY: I thought you hated Mega Lo Mart.
HANK: I do, son, I do indeed.
BOBBY: But you're working for them.
HANK: That's right.
BOBBY: Are you still married to Mom?
HANK: Bobby, of course I am!
PEGGY: M-hm, he is, Bobby.

PEGGY: You have never failed before. I don't know how to pity you without offending you.

MARK: Don't take it too hard, Hank. After a while, you hardly miss respect.

HANK: The only Main Street you can find nowadays is in Disneyland, and just try buying a gun there.

RAY: There I was, bare-ass naked, with my butt in a box of night crawlers. Felt kinda funny, but it kept them alive through the night.

HANK: We will be disrupting a Chuck Mangione concert with kazoos.
RAY: Why kazoos, Hank?
HANK: Because they're portable, they're annoying, and Megalomart has them for three dollars a case.
RAY: We'll be just like Queer Nation!
MARK: Or the Boston Tea Party!
ALL: Yeah... that's good... let's go with that... yeah.

PEGGY: After 15 years of teaching, I know a mutiny when I see one.

LUANNE: I'm breaking up with you! Do you know why?
BUCKLEY: Chicken thigh.
LUANNE: Don't make this harder than it already is!

CHUCK MANGIONE: How you doin', Arlen? Are you ready to soft-rock?

OPERATOR: Sir, you are going to have to speak more slowly. I can't understand you.
BOOMHAUER: Dang... ol'...Mega...Lo...Mart... talkin'...'bout... went...BOOM!
DOOLEY: Your dad got blown up.

PEGGY: My husband is in there! He had to take this job because nobody else would hire him!
FIREFIGHTER: We're doing everything we can, Mrs. Mangione.

CHUCK MANGIONE: I don't feel so good.

HANK: What about Buckley? Did you find him?
FIREFIGHTER: I'm sorry, sir, but it appears that there were no other survivors.
LUANNE: Oh, my God... I'm bald!

PEGGY: Is there any permanent damage?
HANK: No damage, no scratches, no dents, no dings. Bobby, what do you say we go hit the batting cages?
PEGGY: Hank, slow down! You almost died today!
HANK: Well, that's the good thing about death, you either die or you don't. I didn't, so let's hit some balls!

PEGGY: Luanne is going to look different, maybe even hypnotically grotesque.

LUANNE: I learned something from that explosion: Beauty doesn't last forever. It can be blown off your head.

HANK: I'm fine! It's no big deal! Buildings explode, that's what they do.

DALE: That boy's no deader than Mother Theresa.

MR. STRICKLAND: Hank, ol' girl, Strickland's back in business! Get ready to pump propane tomorrow!
HANK: Uh, right, sir. I may be a little late... I don't know if I gave Megalomart my notice.
MR. STRICKLAND: Oh, I think you gave your notice, "Nitro."
HANK: I had nothing to do with that explosion, which hasn't affected me in any way.

LUANNE: Sock puppets are for babies. In the real world, beauty fades and penguins die a cold, horrible death.

LUANNE: Look at these pictures of hungry children.
PEGGY: Why is the CNN logo in the corner?... Oh, this is just a picture of the TV, Luanne.
LUANNE: Oh, it's nice to be smart, Aunt Peggy... smart and well-fed.

INVESTIGATOR: You needn't concern yourself.
DALE: Oh, I needn't, shouldn't I? Then maybe I shouldn't know that all Mega Lo Mart employees have a $5000 insurance policy.
INVESTIGATOR: That's nonsense. This is a very straightforward investigation.
DALE: That's what They want you to think!
INVESTIGATOR: Sir, we are They.

PEGGY: They need your help at Buckley's wake, manning the grill.
HANK: A grill? Is it propane?
PEGGY: Of course it's propane. They're not Unitarians.

PEGGY: Redbook says that losing a boyfriend is the fourth most painful loss, right between grandmother and penis.
LUANNE: Oh, I'm not grievin'. I broke up with Buckley seconds before the explosion and I never looked back. That's why I still have my eyebrows.

HANK: I did not blow up the Mega Lo Mart!
MR. STRICKLAND: I'm glad you said that, Hank... I'm wearing a wire on an unrelated matter.

KAHN: At first I didn't much like Buckley, I admit. But then I saw how much he piss off my neighbor, Mr. Hank Hill, and I decide I should seek out this Buckley fellow and get to know him. I grew to love that boy. Now that he's gone, I feel a big hole in my life... I think we all do. Is a world without Buckley a world we want to live in?... As a Buddhist, of course, I get comfort from a story. I don't need to tell you how much Buddhists love a story!... Anyway, story begins with man being chased by ferocious man-eating tiger. Tiger chase him to edge of cliff. Man falls off. Halfway down, he grab onto branch. He look up, he see ferocious tiger. Now he look down, he see another hungry tiger, waiting for him on the ground below. Not a good place to be. He knows for sure he gonna die. Then out of corner of his eye he see a wild strawberry growing on same branch. He pluck it and eat it. And it was the sweetest-tasting strawberry he ever had.

CHUCK MANGIONE: Ever since the explosion, every song I play sounds like "Feels So Good."
INSTRUCTOR: Maybe that's because it does "feel so good" to be alive.
CHUCK MANGIONE: No, that's not it.

INSTRUCTOR: Doesn't it scare you? The thought of missing all your family's special moments? Never again sipping wine with your friends? Never scratching your cat or cats?

BILL: I'm an army barber. Every day I stare death in the back of the head.

KAHN: The more you hold it in, the more you put on strange Sinead O'Connor act! I cry river of tears for Buckley! Why not you?

LUANNE: Oh, god...Buckley! Oh, god... my hair! I'm so alone!

HANK: A boy your age should be worring about getting dates, and making a team, and, well, getting dates. My death should be at the bottom of the list.

HANK: Did I ever tell you the story about the man and the tiger? Well, there was this man, and he was being chased by a ferocious tiger. No, make that a lion. A Detroit Lion! Two of 'em. And the man was Cowboy Hall of Famer Roger Staubach.
BOBBY: I know him! He sells life insurance on TV.
HANK: Yeah, well, anyway, the Lions were blitzing and Roger rolled out of the pocket, running for his life. He headed for the sidelines, but these two Lions were closing in on him. Then, out of the corner of his eye, he saw a strawberry... cup of Gatorade. Well, Roger took a sip of that Gatorade, but I tell you something, son, it was the sweetest sip of Gatorade Roger ever had.
NANCY: Sug, I don't think she knows about us. Peggy's got such a trusting nature, she always believes the best in people. You know, suddenly I feel dirty. I'm going to take a shower.

JOHN REDCORN: The whales sing of joy and sorrow, of pain and loss. Like Leann Rhimes.

PEGGY: Hank, I just got my first musing: My husband calls me his better half because I "better half" dinner on the table when he gets home!

HANK: There's nothing wrong. It's good news. Your aunt had her headache cured by John Redcorn.
HANK: Stop that! Put your face back before somebody sees you!

JOHN REDCORN: Hank, you are my friend. I would never heal your wife the way that I heal the wives of others.

HANK: How could you not know? I mean, look at Joseph, where do you think he came from?
PEGGY: Nancy told me Dale had a Jamaican grandmother.

PEGGY: You dirty bird!
NANCY: What's wrong, sug?
PEGGY: Joseph is not Jamaican, and neither is Dale, and I'm beginning to suspect his grandmother isn't either!

BILL: Nancy is having an affair with John Redcorn? This is the first I've heard of it. I am shocked, I mean I am shocked, that's what I mean, I am appalled.
BOOMHAUER: Yeah, Hank, don't be pryin' into family secrets, man... we've all got our dang ol' skeletons in the closet, man... like that dang ol' Orville Redenbacher... turns out it's just an actor, man.

PEGGY: "Let's face it, Angie Dickinson has lost her looks." "Mix pineapple juice with club soda, you've got yourself a big bucket of crap."

DALE: Look at that John Redcorn, he sure can swing!... John Redcorn never strikes out, right, Nancy?... Redcorn's gonna score again!... Wingo, man, he's going all the way!

PEGGY: My rose-colored glasses are off and the world looks flesh-colored and unappealing.

DALE: Your wife loves me and wants us to run off together. I have not yet been able to ascertain where.
HANK: Dale...
DALE: No probleemo on this end, I don't even find her attractive.
HANK: Of course you do, and I appreciate the lie, but Peggy's just being nice to you. But you're a good friend for wanting to tell me. Dale, if the shoe were on the other foot, would you want to know?
DALE: Don't flatter yourself, Hank, Nancy likes her men thin and pale of face. I thank God every day for sending me an angel with the hots for my trachtine physique.

PEGGY: You hear the expression "lie like a dog" often enough that it is almost a cliche. But more often than not, if someone is lying to you, they are a person. We all know someone who is lying to her husband. Every day we look the other way, we add a lie to a lie. Well, this reporter is not going to lie any more. And you can print that.

NANCY: Sug, listen. I love Dale, but in a lights-on sort of way.
PEGGY: Well, I feel sorry for you, I really do, but you married for better or for worse, and worse includes Dale.

PEGGY: Dale, Nancy is not the wife you think she is. And John Redcorn, well, he's not the friend you think he is.
DALE: Wait a minute, let me get this straight: Nancy and John Redcorn did something to your dog?

DALE: Pauly Shore, nineteen-ninety-two, cl-assic!

PEGGY: You know, Hank, I really...
HANK: I know. And, Peggy...
PEGGY: I gotcha.
HANK: All right, then.
HANK: Why would somebody leave a couch behind my house?
DALE: I know how it got here. One of them firefighting planes scooped it up out of Lake Arlen.
BOOMHAUER: Man, it's always about them dang ol' urban legends with you, man, like that federal toothbrush up that man's bottom, man... that's true, too, man, it happened to me.

MARIE: A bunch of us are going to hang out at the mall. Wanna come?
BOBBY: Well, I did have a prior engagement, but I can always tape it.

BOBBY: My dad says if God didn't want us to eat meat, he wouldn't have invented steak sauce.
KID: Your dad says that?
BOBBY: Once.
MARIE: Bobby, did you know that the average person consumes five hundred chickens? That's enough chickens to feed an entire starving village. But they shouldn't eat them, because that's bad.

MARIE: You want a kiss?
BOBBY: Well, I'm willing to try anything once. I didn't think I'd like fruit pies, but then I tried them, and if your kiss is anything like a fruit pie, then...

HANK: Bobby has a girlfriend? Well, all right, son! She's real, right? I mean, she's not imaginary or on a cereal box?

HANK: Bobby, vegetarians can't be trusted. Just last week we caught one siphoning gas out of a company truck.

PEGGY: You're only twelve. You should be afraid of girls.

BOBBY: I bet me and Marie have kissed more in two days than you two in your whole marriage. I don't think I've ever seen you guys kiss.
PEGGY: Your father has kissed me.
HANK: Peggy!
BOBBY: I'm not afraid to show my love, and you are.
PEGGY: Your father and I have done things you can't even imagine!

CONNIE: As you know, Bobby has a girlfriend.
LUANNE: Bobby has a girlfriend? And I know it?
CONNIE: Yes. And it's made me realize that I really like Bobby. What should I do, Luanne?
LUANNE: Well, if you and Bobby are meant to be, then it'll happen. I mean, Buckley and I weren't meant to be, and that's why he blew up.

BOBBY: Why were you dancing with those guys?
MARIE: I don't know, I like to dance.
BOBBY: Who were those guys? Why were you dancing with all those guys?
MARIE: Bobby, they're friends. We were just dancing.
BOBBY: What about us? You're supposed to dance with just me, and maybe some of your girlfriends, but mostly just me!
MARIE: Wait, Bobby, this is getting way too intense. We're just friends.
BOBBY: But I thought we were more than that!
MARIE: Bobby, you're a funny guy, you make me laugh, that's all.
BOBBY: But we kissed!
MARIE: Yes, and looking back now, maybe that was a mistake.
BOBBY: Mistake? That was the single most important thing in my life!

BOBBY: Marie, come back! Look, I'm doing your favorite comedy bit! Vot are you talking about? Vot are you talking about?

HANK: Bobby, I know it's not good when a girl breaks your heart. It's only natural to be sad. But the couch is a happy place.

HANK: Look at it this way, Bobby, tonight you're going out on a date with your parents. We know how much you like going out with people older than you are.

PEGGY: Is that her? Oh, now it all makes sense. She looks exactly like me.

HANK: If you leave, she wins. And dating's all about who wins and who loses.

BOBBY: Marie and I just broke up.
CONNIE: Oh. You're taking it pretty hard.
BOBBY: No, I just ate a seventy-two ounce steak dinner in thirty-seven minutes.
CONNIE: Oh. Well, when you're finished, do you want to come over and watch some television? It doesn't have to be television.
PEGGY: This could be Ladybird's last heat. If you don't do something, and fast, she is going to spend the rest of her life childless and lonely, sulking about the house in soiled underwear, like Bill.

BOUNTY HUNTER: Any man who skips out on his bail can be hunted like an animal, although not eaten. All you gotta do is sit through a four-hour training course.
DALE: You're telling me there's a poorly-trained, quasi-legal police force that operates with few if any government controls? It's about time.

MR. STRICKLAND: Hank, I'd love to give you a raise, but the accounting department said, "Buck, stop lettin' the employees put your lemons in a vise."
HANK: Donna said that?

HANK: Ladybird Hill, you're beautiful. Luanne, take off her underwear.

DOCTOR: You were born with a narrow urethra, and years of chronic tension have only made it worse. I really don't think you'll ever have children.
HANK: But... no! That... that's impossible!
DOCTOR: The lab tests confirmed it, although I suspected as much when it took you thirty minutes to produce a urine sample.
HANK: Hey, you want it done quick, or you want it done right?
PEGGY: Hank, please calm down or your urethra will disappear.

BOBBY: Wow. It's hot inside a dog's head.

DALE: I had my hand up first. Why do you keep giving all the cases to these other guys?
BAIL BONDSMAN: Because they're experienced professional bounty hunters. You're just some deluded bug-sprayer who took a four-hour course, learned a few choke holds, and got a hat.
DALE: Hm. You are familiar with my credentials, yet you still refuse to give me a case?

HANK: They're using this experimental fertility drug. I figure if it's safe enough for humans in France, it's probably safe enough for dogs in America.

DALE: Let's get one thing straight, Ladybird: you work for me.

PEGGY: You're blaming me? I would have to be pretty passive-aggressive to do something like that and spit in your coffee every day.

Receipt
FROM: Dale Gribble, Bounty Hunter
BORROWED: Item: One Dog
PURPOSE: To Collar Fugitive
ADDRESS: 27 Whistler Terrace
SIGNED: Dale Gribble, Bounty Hunter

HANK: She's gonna dehydrate in there. Between this sun and the incredible airtight construction of an American-made truck, I'd say she's got about five minutes.

PEGGY: All week I have watched you jump through hoops trying to get Ladybird pregnant, and you never jumped through any hoops for me.
HANK: What are you talking about?
PEGGY: Well, you never stuck a thermometer in my ear!
HANK: Of course not... why would I?
PEGGY: See? You admit you love her more.
HANK: That's crazy! I didn't do that thermometer stuff with you because, you know, where's the romance? With Ladybird, it doesn't matter. She's just a dog, she's not my wife. You're my wife.

PEGGY: Be careful, Hank. Nine times out of ten they go right for the crotch. And I see ten dogs out there.

JIM: Why are your arms shaking, Mr. Bounty Hunter? If that is your real name.
JOSEPH: Your mom's as cool as most people's dads.
BOBBY: It's like that book they took out of the school library... I've got two dads!
HANK: No, you don't!

PEGGY: Quien esta terrando los darts de Nerf?

DOOLEY: You're dead.
PEGGY: En Espanol, por favor.
DOOLEY: Tu eres muerto.

PEGGY: "Needs improvement?" I have never had to improve on anything in my whole life!

DOOLEY: I pulled your pants down.

HANK: I'm sure you didn't hurt him. I should know; I got spanked plenty in school.
PEGGY: Really? Well, you turned out just fine.
HANK: Better than fine! And back then, they even used a paddle called Old Spanky. It was a piece of hickory about yea big, and it had holes drilled in it to cut down on wind resistance, and a little pine tar on the handle for no-slip grip. Heh. Good ol' Spanky.

BOBBY: Dooley pantsed you. That's what he does. And when it happens, you pull up your pants and move on.

MR. DOOLEY: Please, Mrs. Hill, we should apologize to you. I'm sure Stuart Deserved it; we know what a handful he can be.
PEGGY: Well, what are you saying?
MRS. DOOLEY: You did good.

PRINCIPAL MOSS: Teacher's statement... response from the parents... okay, looks like all our ducks are in a row. Peggy, you're fired.
PEGGY: But the Dooleys forgave me!
PRINCIPAL MOSS: Let's see... there's nothing in here about forgiveness. There are procedures for administering legal spankings, which you violated at every turn, and there are procedures for terminating a teacher, which I followed to a T.

EMILY: It's over, Mrs. Hill.

COTTON: Hey there, Hank's wife, whatcha cryin' for? Got your monthlies?

JEETER: In my 35 years at Tom Landry Middle School, I spanked thousands of students, shaping their characters and preparing them to die in wars overseas.
PEGGY: Actually, I only spanked once.
COTTON: She's just being modest. She's the first teacher since they killed LBJ to stand up to those draft dodgers!

DALE: Spanking was wrong then and it's wrong now. I say spare the rod and spoil the child!
HILL: Dale, "spare the rod and spoil the child" means you're in favor of spanking.
DALE: I don't think so.

BILL: My daddy spanked me every day from when I was nine till I was sixteen, and I turned out okay. Bastard.

PEGGY: I am going to scare my students, exactly the way President Reagan scared hundreds of millions of Russians with his Star Wars death beam.
HANK: I miss voting for that man.

BOBBY: Joseph won't even come over to play any more because he says he's having nightmares about that stupid paddle.
DALE: Did you hear that? My son is dreaming about getting spanked by your wife!
BILL: Well, that's not so unusual.

BILL: Peggy's feeling powerful, so her body is producing extra amounts of testosterone. I bet if she wanted to, she could grow a mustache! Of course, I don't know why she'd want to.

PEGGY: Do I tell you how to sell propane and propane accessories? Did I criticise you for your big "Spatula Tuesday" fiasco?

PEGGY: This paddle is the only thing standing between the Arlen public school system and complete chaos!

JOSEPH: ...And then she freaked out, and she dropped that paddle right in the middle of the alley. And without that paddle, she looked just like Bobby's mom!

PEGGY: Spain, 1478. The weapon of choice: The mace. It was the beginning of the Spanish Inquisition. Although it was begun with the best of intentions, a number of very nice, innocent people were brutally punished. And without a doubt, the worst thing about the Spanish Inquisition is that nobody ever said they were sorry.

PEGGY: I could use some help preparing the soil. Why don't you spread the mulch?
JOSEPH: What's it made of?
PEGGY: Paddle. And goat manure.
BILL: See? I told you it wasn't me going through your garbage. See? Deer.
DALE: I guess we owe you an apology. And I guess those were probably deer droppings, too.
BILL: Probably.

DALE: Hank, a hunting trip's not just about getting drunk or shooting deer. It's about getting out in the woods, away from the government, where your paper money is useless unless you run out of leaves. Where a man can let down his guard and share his biggest fear.
HANK: Dale, you with your guard down is my biggest fear.

BOBBY: Don't think of it as a gun. Think of it as a part of your body that fires bullets.

BOBBY: I don't mean to brag. Especially about something that hasn't actually happened yet.

PEGGY: This is an important milestone on Bobby's road to becoming a successful adult. One of the big three. Age 12: First hunt. Age 16: Learns to drive. Age 18: Finally turns 18.

NANCY: Oh, sug, you're taking my little boy on his first hunt, and you're going to bring him back a man. And how long is that going to take, exactly?

JOHN REDCORN: This hunting knife was given to me by my father, and to him by his father. And now I pass it along to you.
JOSEPH: A used knife. Uh... cool. Thanks.

MAN: No more hunting permits this year.
HANK: Why not? There are still plenty of deer out there. I caught one picking through my garbage like this was New York City.
MAN: I know. They're a real nuisance. They're eating everything in sight.
HANK: Well, of course. There's too many deer and not enough food. Issue more permits or they'll all starve.
MAN: We had to limit hunting permits to 400 this year. It was the only way we could get those environmentalists off their hunger strike.
HANK: You're telling me my boy can't go on his first hunt because you wouldn't let a bunch of twig-boys starve? Forget number 6, you're now serving nonsense.

BOBBY: Just so you know, I'm leaving a boy, but I'm coming back a man.
CONNIE: You're lucky. I'm leaving a girl and coming back a man.

PEGGY: He's at the age when little-boy hormones get violent. They don't call them "nice, quiet" hormones. They're "raging," Hank! He has a chemical need to kill. I was counting on you to channel that need away from humans.

DALE: Damn inferior Soviet surplus equipment. Never does what it's s'posed.
JOSEPH: Or maybe it's doing exactly what it's supposed to do. Maybe it just bounced a signal off a satellite to an attack sub in the Gulf of Mexico whose mission is to read our brain waves.
DALE: That's my boy! I was about to say precisely the same thing. Except the sub's in Lake Superior.

HANK: This isn't hunting. It's shooting fish in a barrel.
EUSTACE: Oh, they have that too.

DALE: The Gribble doesn't fall far from the tree.

BOBBY: Look at me. Everyone's got a deer and I don't. Everything looks so Christmas-y. Now I know how the Jewish kids feel!

HANK: You know, there's plenty of worse things than getting to hold on to your boyhood for another year. And by "holding on to your boyhood" I don't mean...
BOBBY: I know, Dad.

BOBBY: I'm drivin' the hell out of this truck, aren't I, Dad?

BOBBY: Oh, my God! I hit a deer with your truck! Oh, God!
HANK: Yeah, you did... uh... and it's a good clean kill. A good kill.

PEGGY: Oh, my son! My big, strong, normal son!
PEGGY: I think it is time we see a fertility specialist.
HANK: He's just gonna poke and prod my naked nethers. No thank you.

NANCY: You don't take your clothes off at the doctor anymore, sug. Anything they need to see, they do it with a new machine called an MRI.
PEGGY: Are you sure they can use it to look at Hank?
NANCY: They use it for everything. Heck, it's the same technology we use down at the station to predict the weather.
PEGGY: I thought you used the Doppler radar.
NANCY: Oh, sug, it's the same thing.

PEGGY: Hank, I have been sitting on these eggs for forty years. They are ready to hatch.

HANK: Aaahh! Busy! Occupied!
DR. BHUDAMANJUR: It's Dr. Bhudamanjur, Mr. Hill. Perhaps you'd be more comfortable trying this at home?
HANK: No.
DR. BHUDAMANJUR: Would you like a magazine?
HANK: Okay. Do you have Popular Mechanics?
DR. BHUDAMANJUR: Mrs. Hill, what did you tell him exactly?

PEGGY: Hank, honey, now just because you scored eight million on your sperm test does not mean you did not give a hundred and ten million percent. I'd give you an A for effort.

DALE: Just so you know, I'm willing to drink beer you've sat on, I'm just not willing to reach for it.

COTTON: She ain't fat. I gots her knocked up!

COTTON: We was usin' four layers of protection, and my men still got through.
HANK: Dad, please, there's a child present.
COTTON: She's my wife, Hank. She was there when it happened. Ain't that right, babycakes?
DIDI: Uh... if you say so, Cotton.

BOOMHAUER: Hey, man, you didn't hear it from me, man... got dang ol' reliable source, man... Dr. Rajav Bhudamanjur, talkin' 'bout dang ol' Chilly Willy.

COTTON: I ain't got a narrow ureety. He gets that from his mother. Mine's so damn wide, I could pass the child myself if I had to!

COTTON: I'm too old to be havin' babies.
BOBBY: We both are, Mister.

BOBBY: Mom and Dad are gonna have another kid? Guess they want to get it right this time.

BOBBY: It's not fair. If I'd known this could happen, I'd have worked harder over the years. You know, exercised, cut down on the fruit pies, gotten a few Bs to raise my average.
HANK: This isn't because you're not good enough. You're great. And two of you will be twice as great.
BOBBY: The only reason I look so good is because I don't have any competition. You have another kid, and I'll look like a failure.
HANK: Believe me, Bobby, you're not the one who should be worried about looking like a failure. You're not in competition with anybody.

HANK: Luanne, how did things go at the police station?
LUANNE: Okay: Grandpa Hill is not a missing persons until he's been gone for forty-eight hours. But this really nice policeman gave me his home phone number, and, well, I'm probably not going to be able to help you look any more tonight.

DALE: Eight topless bars and no Cotton. Of course, you'd be a lot more help if you'd open your eyes, Hank.

HANK: Have any of you seen an old man about yea high, possibly shouting obscenities?
DEALER: Welcome to my world, pal.

COTTON: Hank, you ain't in competition with me. Hell, if it's a contest on who's the better daddy, you win. I mean, you made Bobby. All I made was you.
LUANNE: I need $22.50. Eight dollars for the movie, two-fifty for the popcorn, and ten dollars for dinner. Oh, and I want to play the claw machine. I would give up the popcorn to play the claw machine.

MARGE: The golfers are cheap, but they think because I'm a woman, I'm supposed to be Miss Mary Sunshine. Well, to hell with that!
LUANNE: I had no idea you were a woman.

LUANNE: What is the best possible present I could possibly get him?
PEGGY: Well, I always get him pants. I gave him socks one year... never again.

LUANNE: I've noticed that Uncle Hank doesn't wear any jewelry, so I'm going to get him some jewelry.
DALE: That's not what he needs. I know a man who can remove Hank's fingerprints for him. But believe me, pay the extra and get the fifty-dollar job.

BILL: You know, me and Hank used to go bowling. I'd tell people we were brothers, and he was better than me but sometimes he'd let me win, and we'd stay out all night, and so maybe if you got him another bowling ball, it'd be like before Peggy came.

HANK: I never get brunch.

TRAINER: A man who was healed by dolphins told me that angels are dolphins who haven't learned to swim.

HANK: What's going on?
TRAINER: There's nothing wrong, but maybe you should get out of the pool immediately.

HANK: That thing attacked me! That's not what my niece paid for! Is it?
LUANNE: No! Is it?

HANK: Luanne, you and I have a secret which we must take to our graves.
LUANNE: Are you threatening to kill me, Uncle Hank?
HANK: Of course not.

PEGGY: Bobby, honey, what happened to mixing capers with one of your fruit pies?
BOBBY: That was a big disappointment. I'd rather not talk about it.

HANK: I thought I could have a morning without hearing about the dolphin, but I guess I was wrong. So what is it? What's your damn dolphin joke?
DALE: Now you've ruined it.

LUANNE: Some of the men on the golf course got fresh with me.
BOBBY: Hm. Did they use any swear words?
LUANNE: No, it was more physical.
HANK: Did you report 'em?
LUANNE: Well, no. Then everyone would know. Besides, I shouldn't have taken the putt in the first place... that was unprofessional.
HANK: Luanne, that's crazy.
LUANNE: Well, you didn't tell anyone when you were...
HANK: Luanne, please!
LUANNE: See, it's best to put these things behind you. If you can make it work, so can I.
HANK: Now wait a minute...
LUANNE: Sorry, can't talk about it.

PEGGY: What are you doing?
LUANNE: Looking pretty in public is just asking for trouble, so I borrowed some of your clothes.

HANK: It was the dolphin. He attacked me.
PEGGY: M-hm. I see.
HANK: No, it was more than that. He... you remember in that movie on Lifetime, what Gregory Harrison did to Valerie Bertinelli?
PEGGY: Oh, my God! Oh, I have never... well, actually I have had a dog hump my leg. Oh, it doesn't feel good, does it?
HANK: No. I thought ignoring it would make it go away, but it just made it worse. For everyone. I've never said this about anything before, but it feels good to talk about it.
PEGGY: That's good, Hank. You just let it all out. Oh, it is all so horrible, that creature swimming towards you with his hungry look, waving his... I mean, does he even have a...
HANK: It's a mammal, Peggy.
PEGGY: Oh, well, then, of course he would, I'm sorry. He is a mammal and would have mammalian organs, roughly in proportion to body size, I'm guessing?
HANK: That's enough talking about it for today.
PEGGY: Of course. You deal with it any way you want. This is all so disorienting, it's hard not to... I mean... did he know where to go?
HANK: Peggy!

HANK: I don't know what I'm gonna do, but it starts with not lying about what happened. It's the dolphin who should be ashamed.

BILL: It happened to me! The same thing happened to me six years ago! And then four years ago!
HANK, DALE & BOOMHAUER: What???
BILL: Oh, yeah! I saved up the $150, I was going to live it up like the big boys, swimming with the dolphins. It was going to turn my life around, get me my confidence back. And then...
HANK: Well, what'd you do?
BILL: Those hotel guys bought me off with this T-shirt. It made me feel cheap and used, but it breathes nice.

HANK: I want to make sure no one ever has to go through what I went through, except a female dolphin.

TRAINER: Why must you always speak through guys like him? Why is it never me?

HANK: You think you can touch anyone when you want, where you want? You think it's okay because no one says it's not?

LUANNE: Thank you, Uncle Hank.
HANK: You're welcome, Luanne.
LUANNE: Can I send in the video to When Animals Attack now?
HANK: I don't think so.
LUANNE: We can split the money.
HANK: That's not necessary.
LUANNE: I can have it all?
HANK: Luanne, give me the tape.
LUANNE: I already sent it in, I thought you'd say yes.
PEGGY: Hank, do you think I could win the Mrs. Heimlich pageant if I entered?
HANK: You see, Peggy, that's what you call a loaded question. No matter how I answer, there's a bullet in every chamber designed to blow my brains out.

PEGGY: How would we rate me? I'd say, Face: A minus. Body: B... plus. Personality: A plus. Brains: A plus. So with my looks and my brains, and my muchos talentos, I should have an advantage over these bimbos!

PEGGY: Hank, a car is fine, but a truck is a force.
HANK: True.

BILL: Peggy's gonna win. She's every man's fantasy.
HANK: Okay, Bill, I'll take over from here.
BILL: I mean, she's got an A+ brain and an A- body, but if she wears one of them push-up brassieres...
HANK: Bill!
BILL: ...She'll have a body that just won't quit.

HELEN: I'm going to have to look out for you. You're very congenial.

LUANNE: Mrs. Heimlich County let me try on her crown and sash. Did you know she can play the lap-still guitar, and she only has nine percent body fat, and it's all in her breasts?

BOBBY: Who's that kissing Dad?
PEGGY: Well, that's me, honey.
BOBBY: Really? You were beautiful.
PEGGY: "Were?" Oh, Bobby, I still am.
BOBBY: Okay.

PEGGY: Hank, do you think I'll turn into one of those women you see at the Mega Lo Mart who wears white stretch pants and doesn't tuck in her shirt any more?
HANK: Not for many, many years.
PEGGY: Oh, so you've thought about this.

MR. STRICKLAND: Well, I don't believe I've had the pleasure of meeting this little filly before.

PEGGY: Every year they pick the same type of woman to win: Skinny, big hair, bleached blonde...
NANCY: You mean women like me.
PEGGY: Oh, your hair is not bleached. Is it?
NANCY: What type of woman do you think should win the pageant, Peggy?
PEGGY: Well, I'm not a judge, but: A married woman, of course, not just a wife but a partner. Definitely a mother. Someone who is distinguished by her brain size, not her bra size.
NANCY: Women like you.
PEGGY: Well, you said it, I didn't, but yes.
NANCY: I think women like you shouldn't be in a pageant if you're not prepared to be judged by women like me.

LUANNE: Oh, don't you look... smart.

MINH: Where your clown car, Peggy Hill? Hey, you look like Ronald McDonald, you bozo, Peggy Hill! Sheesh, she so stuck-up. Not even say hello.

MR. STRICKLAND: This is the most I've ever spent on a woman without getting anything in return, if you know what I mean.

LUANNE: Oh, my god! You're firing me as your stylist?
PEGGY: No, you will still be a very, very important part of Team Peggy Hill. But in a much smaller capacity.

PEGGY: So, can you fix this?
MARCIE: This will be my greatest challenge.

BOBBY: Wow, Mom, you look like you could star in a headache commercial!

HANK: Your aunt has always had a lot of confidence about her looks, which is good. But now she's got herself in kind of a bind. She's either got to admit to herself that she can't win the truck, and quit, or stay in the pageant and, well, probably lose. Either way, it's going to hurt.
LUANNE: Well, I guess I should feel bad for her. But I don't.

PEGGY: Helen, by any chance do you have any spare tape? My ass has come loose.

HANK: I figured since you were only doing this for the truck, I'd save you the trouble.
PEGGY: Honey, you bought us a truck?
HANK: No, I painted my old one.
PEGGY: Well, she's beautiful.
HANK: Yeah, but she was before.
HANK: Look at your average pickup truck. With airbags and vanity mirrors, it's one focus group away from turning into a powder room.

BILL: Oh, Hank, I will never be sick of you, not even when we're sharing a cloud in heaven.

HANK: Dad, you came last year! This year it's Mom's turn, remember?
COTTON: Well, I don't want to cause any fuss... your mother can eat in the yard.

PEGGY: The day after Thanksgiving is, in my opinion, the biggest shopping day of the year.

HANK: Dad, could you at least show Mom some respect while Bobby's in the room?
COTTON: You heard him, Bobby, leave the room.

PEGGY: You defended Troy Aikman more than you defended your mother.
HANK: Mom knows how it is with Dad. And there were six dropped passes! All Troy can do is get it there!

LUANNE: I'm takin' Bobby ice skatin' at the mall. We're gonna meet guys.
BOBBY: I'm the bait!

PEGGY: Oh, fire-truck.

DALE: We may or may not have met your father in the men's room, and we may or may not have told him that we were being paid $50 to participate in a focus group.
BILL: Mostly may.

LANE PRATLEY: I own Pratley Ford, Pratley Honda, and I got my eye on Pratley Cadillac... my daddy ain't doin' so good.

REVEREND HUBERT: Boyce Hubert, minister. Although I've lost my faith. 'Course, I did find a pretty great parking space on my way in. But the Lord works in such mysterious ways, who the hell knows?

COTTON: I'm Cotton Hill! I killed fi'ty men!

BILL: My name is William Fontaine De La Teur Dauterive, Sergeant, barber in the United States Army. I am five foot eight. My wife Lenore divorced me in the Year of Our Lord nineteen hundred and ninety-one. That is all.

DALE: Is that a real computer?
JONATHAN: Yes.
DALE: Oh, in that case, my name is Rusty Shackelford. Shackelford.

COTTON: My boy's a pump jockey. He works for tips.
HANK: Dad, I am not a pump j--
COTTON: Pump jockey!
HANK: Dad, I am not...
COTTON: Works for tips!

COTTON: I like the mower. It's got a lot of curves, like a pretty young woman. Hank's mower is like a dumpy fishwife.

LUANNE: Maybe it's too soon...
BOBBY: Buckley's not getting any deader, Luanne.

JONATHAN: Now if we could discuss the electric seat warmer...
HANK: Why would we need our seats warmed? That's what pants are for! Right, Boomhauer?
BOOMHAUER: I don't know, Hank... could get naked on this dang ol' thing... vibrate my... feel good, man.

JONATHAN: Your mower is, oh, what's a nice word for "obsolete?"
BILL: Collectible?
JONATHAN: Perfect!

KAHN: When you little redneck boy, you couldn't defend your mother. Now you try to compensate by defending mower. You confuse personal issues with technological. I have father issues too, but this is a good mower!

DIDI: I'm sorry about all those things Cotton said about you. It doesn't mean anything. He just doesn't like you.
TILLY: I wouldn't mind Cotton's rantings if Hank would just stick up for me.
DIDI: Well, if it makes you feel any better, he doesn't stick up for me either... his own stepmother!

REVEREND HUBERT: Just because a baptism turns into a little drowning, everybody's gotta blame somebody.

HANK: The seat warmer's doing more than heating Boomhauer's can. It's also heating up his can of beer!
BOOMHAUER: Man, I don't want dang ol' warm beer...I'd be like dang ol' Eurotrash, man... ain't drinkin' none of that warm ol' crap.

DALE: Who are those people?
JONATHAN: Oh, those are just people sent here to monitor your thoughts and opinions, to find out how you think. You know, get inside your head.
DALE: Aaaaaaaaaggggggh!

COTTON: Preacher, if y'all are still in the baptizin' business, I'd like you to drown my boy Hank.

HANK: My mower is not too old and my Mom was not too old. But this isn't about my Mom and it certainly isn't about my mower. It's about a bitter old man who blames everybody but himself for his own problems. And if you ever talk like that again about my Mom or my mower, you're not welcome in my house.

REVEREND HUBERT: I'm not sure if there's a God, or a heaven, but one thing I can tell you, your daddy's going to Hell.
HANK: So, meeting a woman on the Internet! How do you like that!

RAD: You know, I'm not really here for a free haircut. I'm here because I like to check up on what's happening, what's goin' on, what's now. And I tell you something, baby-doll, you are very now.
LUANNE: Thank you.
RAD: You're welcome. The name's Rad Thibodeaux. Here's my card, you know, so you know I'm for real.
LUANNE: "Radical concepts." That sounds exciting!
RAD: Well, only if you think the fast-paced celebrity-filled life of a concert promoter is exciting.

RAD: You got a lover?
LUANNE: I don't even have a boyfriend.

RAD: I can tell you're a very sensitive young woman, and sensitive people, they do have a hard time in our society today. I should know. As a self-proclaimed genius, I myself, Rad Thibodeaux, am often misunderstood.
LUANNE: Self-proclaimed genius?
RAD: Yes.
LUANNE: You poor thing!

RAD: Hey, good-lookin'.
BOBBY: Hey.

RAD: In the industry, a man is only as good as his word, so keep it, or nobody's going to know that you are a man... who keeps... his word. You break it, man, I'm tellin' you, the freebies, they dry up like a puddle in the sun.
BOBBY: Whoa. Rad, what do you mean by "the industry?"
RAD: The entertainment industry.
BOBBY: Whoa!
RAD: There you go.

HANK: Isn't that pronounced "Thibodeaux?"
RAD: Well, you know, sometimes, by mistake.

RAD: I know you're gonna like these free CDs.
HANK: AOL?
RAD: And the best part is, if you sign up now, I get ten free hours. All you gotta do is tell 'em that SOOORAD@AOL.COM sent you.

LUANNE: It's just that...I didn't get to go to any place this fancy with Buckley. Well, except his funeral reception.
RAD: Aw, it's okay, sweetness, everything's different now. Rad's here, baby, Rad's... here... say my name.
LUANNE: Rad.

RAD: Bobby, I know you want my attention, and it's nothing I can't handle, but at the moment I am busy with the lady.
BOBBY: You can see Luanne any time, but I have school and stuff to do!

LUANNE: You should tell people if you're going to throw a party in their house without asking them.

LUANNE: Rad Thibodeaux, I am not your girlfriend any more!
RAD: Wait just a minute, I never proclaimed you to be my girlfriend, baby-doll.

BOBBY: Dad, I'm in my underpants.
HANK: Yeah, that was your decision, you've gotta live with it.

PEGGY: Twelve years old and drinking a beer?
BOBBY: I didn't even like it!
HANK: Now you're just trying to make me mad.

HANK: I'm taking away your suitcase of props.
BOBBY: Fine! I can do my comedy without props. So, did you ever notice how... how... You can't take away my props!

BOBBY: Because of you, I'm propless.

LUANNE: You were never even part of his inner circle. You were just a hanger-on.
BOBBY: Take that back!
LUANNE: Like A.J.!

BOBBY: Why would I put dirt in my own fruit pie? My own fruit pie!
HANK: Why you do a lot of things is a mystery to me.

LUANNE: My birth control pills have stopped working. I should have known when they started tasting sweet!
BOBBY: Like candy?
LUANNE: This isn't funny, Bobby.
BOBBY: Oh, I disagree.
LUANNE: You don't understand. Every woman has to take a birth-control pill every day or else they get pregnant.
BOBBY: Just take two now! Hurry!
LUANNE: That would destroy my insides. That's how it works.

BOBBY: Mom! Dad! I've gotten Luanne pregnant!

HANK: Luanne, I thought you were smarter than this. I did!
PEGGY: Can you imagine the consequences if you had taken one of those fake pills and then gone out and had unprotected s...
HANK: Aaaahh!
LUANNE: I only got the pills to clear up my complexion and regulate my...
HANK: Aaaahh!

HANK: You're going to have to marry Luanne.
BOBBY: But I'm only twelve years old!
HANK: Well, just think, you can be married for eighty years.
BOBBY: Dad, you can't make me marry Luanne!
HANK: Yes I can, Bobby... you're only twelve years old.

DALE: To Mr. and Mrs. Bobby Hill. May their marriage be every bit as wonderful as mine is.
BILL: And as mine was.

KAHN: Minh, it's finally happening! Bobby Hillbilly is marrying hillbilly cousin! You owe me five dollars!

BOBBY: Please, Luanne, I don't think I'm ready for this yet!

LUANNE: I get to date as much as I want with whoever I want. You can see Connie if you want to, only not in public. Nuh-uh, I changed my mind, you can't see Connie ever!

BILL: How come they get to be married when I never do? How come they get to be so happy, it's not fair, it's... it's a fake! It's all a fake! I'm not a minister! Dale used a self-playing piano!

LUANNE: I'm glad we're not married any more. But you know what? I could have done a whole lot worse.
BOBBY: I'm sorry for all the pranks, Luanne. And you probably shouldn't open your laundry hamper quickly, unless you like snakes.
LUANNE: Thank you! Oh, and you might not want to ride your bike downhill... something might be wrong with the brake cable.
BOBBY: Okay. And don't use your mouthwash near an open flame.
LUANNE: I'll try not to. And you might want to stop drinking that milk.
BOBBY: Ew.
HANK: Bill, these aren't for Lenore, are they?
BILL: No!... Yes. But she'll come back and be happy I saved everything.
HANK: Bill, you've gotta face the facts, she's not... I mean, it's very unlikely... well, you never know; freakish things do happen.
BILL: Yes they do. Thank you.

BILL: All this talk about people makes me... you know what it makes me think about? Breakups. You ever think about that dead boyfriend of yours?
LUANNE: Well, I...
BILL: I wonder if you'll ever meet someone again. I mean, most people only get one relationship in this life.

BILL: Mary, Margaret... what's the name of that girl who dumped you, Bobby?
BOBBY: Marie.
BILL: Marie! Right. She was cute.

BILL: Remember Bob Cecil? You had a basketball game together. You liked him.
PEGGY: That was tenth grade, and... no I didn't!
BILL: Yes, you did, but he didn't like you.

BILL: Iguanas are very trendy these days. You see them in cigar bars with movie stars.

PEGGY: Honey, that eye-joo-wanna is a cry for help. A hissing, disease-ridden cry for help!

BILL: I dreamt that Lenore came back and stole Lenore, and then Lenore drove off with Lenore and I ran down the street after them and I yelled "Lenore! Lenore!" And then my teeth fell out. Peggy, you were there.

PEGGY: You have twenty-four hours to get me out of that man's dreams.

PEGGY: You know who I feel sorriest for in all of this? Bill. We need to get him a psychiatrist.
HANK: He's just suicidal, Peggy, he's not crazy.

HANK: Come on, Bill, how about a beer?
BILL: Beer is a depressant, Hank.
HANK: Don't go blaming the beer.

BILL: I like the way silk feels on my skin.
HANK: Silk is for pantyhose, Bill.
BILL: They're all I've got. You've got a wife!

BILL: I have to tinkle.
DALE: Not on my watch.

DALE: I can't keep this up. It's not in my nature to care about others.

SHEILA: I find iguanas to be filthy, disgusting creatures.
BILL: Well, I think we all could use a bath.

HANK: You feel okay?
BILL: I don't feel anything.
HANK: Great! I knew you'd snap out of it!

HANK: Uh-uh, this is too much. In high school you blocked for me, but I did my job too. I ran through the hole, setting Arlen High School's single-season rushing record, as you recall. But here I am blocking for you, and you're not even trying! I don't even know what game you're playing... some kind of crazy tennis!

DALE: Come on, you know you're Bill.
BILL: No, no, I don't know that. I'm Lenore.
DALE: Well, if you're Lenore, then where's Bill?
BILL: Uh, Bill's in the house. Want me to go get him?
DALE: I'm skeptical that you could, yet intrigued that you may.

PEGGY: Honey, you're peeling in anger. You should be able to get more than one french-fry out of a whole Idaho.

LUANNE: I don't know anything about psychology, but it sounds to me like Mr. Dauterive needs closure. He needs to realize that Lenore's never coming back, and just move on with his life. It's the same thing Buckley's Angel told me.
PEGGY: Well, Buckley's Angel is the only one making sense. Oh! How about I invite the real Lenore to the party and settle this thing once and for all?
LUANNE: Oh, I hope it works, but if they show up in the same dress, it'll be a disaster.

MR. STRICKLAND: Listen, Hank, we got all our clients here... big fish, little fish... so if you see some little fish cornering me, it's your job to pull me out.
HANK: We should treat all our clients like big fish, Mr. Strickland.
MR. STRICKLAND: Yeah, good, good, save that for the little fish.

BILL: I want to stay and mingle. Lenore, who is me, sure does love a party. Party party!

HANK: Bill, I am Lenore and I don't love you.
BILL: No, Hank! I'm Lenore!
HANK: I've left you forever because you're lazy and no good.
BILL: Lenore!
HANK: We fight so loud, all the neighbors can hear. We fight during the day, we fight during the night.
BILL: Lenore, we can work stuff out! I'm a good husband!
HANK: Bill, if I wanted to work things out, I would have called. I don't love you any more, that's it. I don't love you.
BILL: That's all? That's why you left, as simple as that? You didn't even have the courtesy to send me a Dear John letter? Well, I tell you what, I consider that rude! And I tell you something else, I am worth a Dear John letter, and there are a lot of women who would agree with me! So you know what? You go ahead, get out! You don't deserve William Fontaine De La Teur Dauterive!

BILL: I hit rock bottom there, didn't I?
HANK: And hard.
BILL: Then it's all uphill from here.
HANK: Yep. The wind's at your back, buddy. Merry Christmas.

BOOMHAUER: Hey, talkin' 'bout firemen, man? Talkin' 'bout "Rampart 3-1, Rampart 3-1", dang ol' Emergency!, man... have all those shows on tape, I love that, yo.

BOBBY: Ooh, spoons! Can I assume the potatoes will be mashed tonight?

HANK: Luanne can't be a fireman. What if a very large man was trapped in a burning building and she had to carry him out?
PEGGY: Then she would do a fireperson's carry, formerly known as a fireman's carry.
BOBBY: What's that?
PEGGY: It allows a woman to life a man's weight, through a scientific principle that I like to call "leverage."

DALE: Hank's a lumberjack and he's OK...

BOBBY: Maybe it has something to do with when you hurt your groin picking me up.
PEGGY: Well, honey, I do not think that could be true, since ladies do not have groins.

BOBBY: I told you my dad was a fireman.
DOOLEY: He's a volunteer.

COP: So you were the ones who busted that hydrant. We got an anonymous tip it was a bunch of kids.
DALE: "Bunch of kids?" I gave you names! Hill, Bobby. Gribble, Joseph.

DALE: My name is Shackelford, Rusty Shackelford. I refuse to speak without my attorney present. I am Mr. Shackelford's attorney, Rusty Shackelford. My client pleads insanity.
BILL: My name is Dauterive comma Bill. I am also insane.

DALE: You pushed me aside and made me look like an idiot in front of my own flesh and blood.

DALE: B-A- Bay, B-E Be, B-I- Bicky Bi B-O Bo, Bicky Bi Bo!

LUANNE: Why don't you just admit to him that you hurt yourself picking up Bobby?
PEGGY: Oh, honey, you have never been married.

BILL: My face hurts.
HANK: And it'll match your ass when I'm done kicking it!

DALE: Yeah, man, I tell you what, man, dang ol' detector, man, government take away freedom of smoke, talkin' 'bout yo, man.
HANK: Yeah, man, I tell you what, man, dang ol' boy ain't right, man, talkin' 'bout kick your ass, man.
BOOMHAUER: For God's sake, Hank, act like an adult. And keep it down, guys, will you? I am trying to get through an article on vintage Camaros, and I've been on the same dang page for twenty minutes.
BILL: Dang ol' pretty pretty pizza, man, I tell you what.

BOOMHAUER: Man, don't go draggin' ol' Chet's name through the mud, man... tell you what, Dale's the one that did it... y'all leave Chet alone, man.
COP: So each and every one of you believes that Chet Elderson started that fire?

BILL: I hear Mrs. Throckmorton's looking to hire four plumbers.
HANK: No.
BILL: It's all the beer we can drink.
HANK: Okay, I could use a beer.
BOOMHAUER: M-hm.
DALE: Yep.
BILL: Yep.

HANK: Bobby looks pretty good in that uniform.
BILL: Yep.
DALE: Yep.
BOOMHAUER: M-hm.
HANK: Think the Cougars have a chance this year?
BILL: No.
DALE: Nope.
BOOMHAUER: Nuh-uh.

HANK: Boys, the Welton Wolves have already left their mark on this bridge. Now, what does a cougar do when a wolf comes into his neck of the woods?
BOBBY: Beats him in football?
HANK: Yeah, that's where I was gonna end up.

COACH SAUERS: You get us to State and I guarantee I'll kiss each and every one of you little pansies right on the mouth!

HANK: Settle down, Bobby. That's the kind of attitude that drove Mark Gastineau into boxing.

DALE: Wingo, interception, Joseph! That's our boy, a real all-American. Arlen's native son.

DALE: That's a Gribble of an idea, Bill!

COACH SAUERS: Boomhauer! How are your folks?
BOOMHAUER: Man, they're doin' fine, man... down in Florida... dang ol' lottery winner... no problems, man.
COACH SAUERS: I'm sorry to hear that.

COACH SAUERS: Up to now you men have been losing. But now you're gonna be winning. 'Cause I'm gonna ride you Dainty Joes so hard you'll wish you were all dead! I'm gonna chew you up, spit you out, take a big dump on top of that, and then I'm gonna get tough!

COACH SAUERS: Eat mud! I said eat it! Eat it!
BOBBY: Coach, I think I swallowed too much mud.
COACH SAUERS: Take a salt tablet.

HANK: Bobby, I never thought I'd need to tell you this, but I would be a bad parent if I didn't. Soccer was invented by European ladies to keep them busy while their husbands did the cooking.
BOBBY: Why do you have to hate what you don't understand?
HANK: I don't hate you, Bobby.
BOBBY: I meant soccer.
HANK: Oh. Oh, yeah, I hate soccer. Yes.

COACH SAUERS: Okay, Louisa May, go play your ballerina ball. Just leave your penis in the bucket.

PEGGY: If the other mothers do not like me for the wit and wisdom that is Peggy Hill, then I want nothing to do with them.
MINH: Ay yai! You not get it. You soccer mom now. If you not fit in, then Bobby not fit in. And that boy have enough problems.
PEGGY: How do you know so much about this?
MINH: Connie play AYSO in Orange County. That's the birthplace of soccer moms. I start the whole sweater thing. That's mine.

COACH LUCAS: Bobby's our best high kicker. Careful, don't let the Rockettes find out about him.
BOBBY: The Rockettes? Me?

JOSEPH: Coach Sauers, I think there's something wrong with my helmet.
COACH SAUERS: Then do the helmet test. Put on the helmet and run into that brick wall.
JOSEPH: Yeah, right! And end up with headaches like my mom?

COACH SAUERS: You little pantywads think you're ready to play the Wolves again? The Wolves eat razor blades for breakfast! Run, you bunch of fuzzy-butted softies! Run, with your fancy sneakers with the bumps and valves and little lights in the back that can set off a seizure, but what do you care? I ran around the world in a pair of Jock Taylors, for the love of Pete!

SOCCER MOM # 1: I know it's bigger than the other SUVs, but it makes me feel safe. I mean, if I have an accident in that thing, I'm going to live.
SOCCER MOM # 2: Well, for me, it's all about convenience. Mine's got everything from headlight wipers to heated seats.
PEGGY: Oh, yes, that is a must, isn't it? My butt is always either warmed by my car seat or covered by my sweater. I have to keep it at optimum temperature or I could die from mild discomfort. And you know what else would make me die? If by mistake I paid so much attention to my child's game that I maybe raised my voice. Oh, I would just die! Or if I got stuck with a bunch of losers who could not recognize a dead-on Fat Albert impression, well, I would just die a thousand deaths. You know what? I have got a football game to watch.

BOBBY: Come on, y'all, we were all Cougars once. We're getting our butts kicked over there. I for one have had enough of this dang lawyer-ball. Haven't you?

BOBBY: I'd rather be on a losing football team than a winning soccer team any day.

HANK: That was good strategy, bringing Joseph back. Stick with it and you could make a good coach someday.
BOBBY: I'd still want to wear my uniform.
HANK: Uh, yeah, okay.
BOBBY: And a cape.
HANK: "New York style deli?" They think that's a selling point?

LUANNE: What's a Kay-nish?
PEGGY: It's pronounced "Nish," honey. The "n" is silent. And I have no idea.
HANK: "Stuffed kishkes?" "Krep-latch?"
BOBBY: Even in my dreams I never dreamed something like the showbiz deli could exist. It's food with a punchline.
HANK: "Tongue?" They're trying to feed us all the animal parts they're supposed to throw away!

JOSEPH: I have tried tripping her. I've hid her lunch. I'm running out of ways to show her that I like her.
BOBBY: I assume you tried throwing utility balls at her head.
JOSEPH: I can't ask her to the dance unless I know she likes me. God, you're lucky. Connie likes you, so after the dance you know you're getting a kiss. And then you'll have a girlfriend. And then I'll be your nerdy friend who doesn't have a girlfriend. I'm gonna go whack Charisse in the butt with a shovel!

LUANNE: Oh, your first middle school dance. How romantic! You'll hold each other close and move in a circle over and over again, and then if she doesn't pass out drunk on you, well, the night will end in a clumsy slobbery kiss.
BOBBY: About that kiss...
LUANNE: Oh, it'll be magical! Nothing will ever be the same between you and Connie ever again!
BOBBY: You know, Connie and I practice-kissed once already, and nothing changed.
LUANNE: Yeah, but this is a middle school dance kiss. This is a real kiss.
BOBBY: Remember Marie? I kissed her, and then things got really complicated and she dumped me. I thought the pain would never go away.
LUANNE: That was a real kiss.

CARL: So you really like the chopped chicken liver?
BOBBY: I love it! It's meat I can eat with a spoon!

LUANNE: Oh, thank God, there'll be ice again!

HANK: What's it gonna be, doctor? Whirlpool? Deep-heat massage? Or are you just gonna tell my son to play through the pain, because I'll support that.

DOCTOR: I'm not gonna tell you it's normal for a twelve year-old boy to have gout, but it happens. Like that feral boy they found surviving on pig excrement.

HANK: At least Peggy's excited about it. She's thinking of putting on earrings.
BILL: What else was she thinking about putting on, Hank? Pumps?

HANK: I specifically asked Bill not to give him that hat.

BOBBY: My doctor says it's very rare. I'm the only kid under 70 to get this outside of the Gout Belt in the Lower Baltics.

KAHN: There nothing funny about this, you hillbilly moron! Can't you see the juxtaposition of Hank's clogged-up colon with that skinny starving kid make deep statement about something? They cast stones at your colon from ignorance, Hank. Your ass is genius! Can you get me on guest list for chi-chi art gallery party?

PEGGY: Caring for Bobby is nothing to be embarrassed about.
CONNIE: Oh, yeah? He named his swollen toe "Madame" and she talks with a French accent.
PEGGY: I did not know that. Well, it's still better than seeing your husband's colon on the wall.

BOBBY: I've got gout!!

HANK: You can have all the free expression you want, within the law. And in the State of Texas, there's a law against defaming beef.

CONNIE: What about your gout?
BOBBY: My dad says when you really want something, you play through the pain.
HANK: I don't need a promotion. As assistant manager of Strickland Propane, I'm already at the top.

KAHN: I new systems manager.
MR. STRICKLAND: "Systems manager?" Hell, I like the sound of that. Debbie, that's your new title.
KAHN: No! She not in systems! You disrespect important job!
MR. STRICKLAND: Well, I can't imagine anything more important than what Debbie does.

KAHN: I call France on this phone whenever I want. France Europe, Huckleberry!

KAHN: Now prepare your brain for razzle-dazzle!

KAHN: Get off my company's property!

HANK: Dale, are you posting our conversations on the Internet again?
DALE: Conversations... no. Actions, whereabouts, your mowing schedule... no comment.

PEGGY: You know who's responsible for gossip? Gossipers. You are nothing but a Chatty Cathy, Hank. A giant 200-pound Chatty Cathy.

MINH: Something like this only make us appreciate how many things we have. How many, many things.

UNEMPLOYMENT MAN: I'm sorry, sir, but your previous employer has filed an objection. Under "reason for dismissal" they checked "other" and wrote in "treason."

CHUCK MANGIONE: Hey, man, I'm having a concert this Sunday... could I put up one of my posters in your window?
KAHN: Get out before I three-hole-punch your face.

KAHN: I can't help you! I can't help any of you stupid people! "How does this machine work, Mr. Kahn?" "How do I print?" "How do I save?" It "Control-S," you morons! It always "Control-S!"
MANAGER: All right, Kahn, that's strike three. You're fired.
KAHN: Three? That only two!
MANAGER: I heard what you said to Mr. Mangione.

CONNIE: Oh, Bobby, pretty soon we'll have a secret language we can speak in school.
MINH: No, Connie, I teach him Southern dialect. He not the same class.

HANK: Peggy, is it my fault he makes people hate him? I don't whisper in his ear every morning, "Be a jerk." That comes from within.

MINH: This not the first time Kahn fired. Orange County... Portland... Mississippi, for God's sake!

PEGGY: Yep.
NANCY: Yeah.
PEGGY: M-hm.

PEGGY: What would you do if Dale suddenly left you high and dry like that?
NANCY: Oh, sug, I wouldn't get out of bed for a week.

BILL: It's like he's got two families. Two families! I think that's unfair, when some of us don't even have the one.
DALE: I'd think he likes being bossed around by women if I didn't know better, which I don't.

KAHN: I not go home without new kick-ass job. I show you. I get new job that make you cry every day.
HANK: Kahn, I love propane through and through, but okay, I'll give you this: your old job was something else, okay? Now go home.
KAHN: No! I can't fail! This not supposed to happen to me. I'm Asian, for God's sake. More expected of me. You not understand. You somebody's worker bee. If I accept your redneck life, it like I bury myself alive.

MINH: I'm not moving again. People here grudgingly accept us. That's rare.

KAHN: Are you laughing, or crying because of my great new car? Six CD changer in trunk!
HANK: In the trunk? Well, if you need any help installing it in the dash, let me know.
KAHN: It supposed to be in trunk. It play CDs in trunk.
HANK: Why? Who's going to want to ride in the trunk?
KAHN: You wish you could ride in my trunk! My trunk so plush it like movie star trunk!
HANK: You got me there, Kahn. My trunk is not like a movie star trunk. It's more of a family man trunk.
KAHN: Thank you, Hank.
HANK: You painted clouds?
BOBBY: White puffy clouds!

HANK: I don't like magicians. Don't trust 'em.
BILL: Ever since David Copperfield made the Statue of Liberty disappear.
HANK: Shame on him!

DALE: Nice work, John Redcorn. She didn't suspect a thing. You are so clueless!

THE ASTOUNDING HERRERRA: For my next illusion, I will need a volunteer from the audience. A beautiful womans.

THE ASTOUNDING HERRERRA: What is your name, my lovely?
PEGGY: Me lamo Peggy Hill.
THE ASTOUNDING HERRERRA: Ah! You speak Spanish... in a way.

PEGGY: There is nothing more important to a magician than keeping secrets. Probably because so many of them are gay.

BOBBY: I'm gonna do my report on Jesus.
SUNDAY SCHOOL TEACHER: Oh, I love Jesus! Jesus is good, Bobby, very very good!

HANK: Any theories?
DALE: You're asking me if I have theories?
HANK: About the magic trick, Dale.
DALE: Oh, not a clue. Ah! It's done with twins. One Peggy in the pinata, the other Peggy in the audience.
BILL: Another woman who looks like Peggy? Smells like Peggy? Feels like P...
HANK: My wife does not have a twin.
DALE: You don't know that for sure and you never will. They destroyed the evidence when they blew up one of the Peggys.

LUANNE: I won't really disappear, I won't really disappear, I won't really disappear...

DOOLEY: ...But I only saw one set of footprints, 'cause God was holding me.

BOBBY: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, I am the Amazing Jesus, son of God and master of prestidigitation! Has this ever happened to you? Your followers want a glass of wine, but all you have is water. Well, if you're the Amazing Jesus, no problem! Water into wine! It's a miracle! John 2:11. Thank you. Now you're going to need something to go with all this wine, maybe some bread. But how are you going to feed all these hungry people with just one slice? No problem, if you're the Amazing Jesus! Amen! It's a miracle, ladies and gentlemen! Mark 6:44. Thank you! Now, for my next miracle, I'll need a large wooden cross and a couple of volunteers.
HANK & PEGGY: No!!!!

BOBBY: Yeah, I'll get them to do something nice for each other! That's even better than my plan of turning them both against Luanne!

HANK: If you ask me, you've got too much imagination. Everything's all loop-de-loops and flibbertigibbets.

BOBBY: What's going on? You stopped fighting.
HANK: That's right.
PEGGY: Everything's just fine now, honey.
BOBBY: But how?
HANK: Well, your mother kicked me in the shins, I kicked her back, and... well, that's pretty much it.
BOBBY: That doesn't make any sense.
HANK: Sure it does. You see, I was mad, your mom was madder, and... uh... oh, heck, I guess it doesn't make any sense, but I guess it doesn't have to. There are some things you just can't explain.

BOBBY: And now, the pinata of death revealed. As soon as our volunteer gets in the burro, a flap beneath the tail opens. She steps out, puts on a pancho and sombrero, and dances offstage. The fire? Just a diversion. It appears our volunteer has vanished. Has she? Hardly. And that is the secret behind the pinata of death. Please don't tell my dad.
BILL: Maybe she stopped on the way to make herself look nice. That's something that ladies like to do. I was married to one once.

HANK: I hate miniatures, I always have. Mom only took them out when she was going into a funk. Like when I was between ten and fourteen.

BILL: It must be nice having a man around the house, huh, Peggy?
PEGGY: Actually, Hank has only been gone an hour and a half.
BILL: I tell you, Peggy, I'd never leave you for an hour and a half.

TILLY'S FRIEND: The trouble with you is, you never know what to do.
HANK: You just met me.
TILLY'S FRIEND: I know your kind.

BILL: Be careful, Bobby. You know how your mother and I worry about you.
BOBBY: Uh... she worries about you too, Mr. Dauterive.
BILL: Really?
BOBBY: I guess. I don't know.

HANK: That's a nice-looking seal.
DELIA: That's an otter! Lyle Neff would never waste his time on seals! Seals are trash mammals, everybody knows that!

LUANNE: Why is he hugging our trash?
PEGGY: As long as he does not take it into his house, we're okay. Oh, no.

HANK: Mom, that fella asked you to show him your high beams. Do you even know what he meant?
TILLY: Of course I do. I've been driving for longer than you.

HANK: Mom, write this number down: "1-800-E-A-T-S-H-..." Never mind.

TILLY: Delia was right. You are impossible.
HANK: Which one is Delia?
TILLY'S FRIEND: She is!
HANK: I could commit you like that.

PEGGY: Bill, are you okay?
BILL: No, I am not okay at all! I didn't make you a barbecue just so you wouldn't show up, and I didn't come here to not watch Bobby play ball!
PEGGY: Bill, please, people can hear you.
BILL: I don't care! Maybe it's time they did! Hey, coach, why aren't you playing Bobby Hill? I am responsible for that boy, you hear me? You play him right now! Oh, Peggy, I'm not angry at you.
PEGGY: Bill, you get your arm off me! Ho yeah! Go Cougars!

HANK: Damn those stupid miniatures! They're gonna get her killed!
LYLE NEFF: You don't know anything.
HANK: What?
LYLE NEFF: Miniatures probably saved your mother's life.
HANK: What's that supposed to mean?
LYLE NEFF: Do you know how hard it is to be a woman in this world? I do. Women come in here all the time, and they are sad, and they are lonely, and they are frumpy, and they tell me how my tiny individually hand-crafted investment-grade art is the only thing keeping them sane. Do you understand? Does that sound like your mother?
HANK: No. Well, maybe, when her marriage to my dad was breaking up, but... so this glass crap really helped her out, huh? I guess I owe someone an apology.
LYLE NEFF: Accepted.

HANK: Everybody stay calm. We just experienced severe tire damage.
HANK: You're not touching my mower ever again. You left it out in the street where any weirdo could just brush up against it.
DALE: Hank, what would weirdos be doing near the gas station? What would weirdos be doing near the gas station...?

DALE: Say hello to the Allegro X9J, code name "Redeemer" at the Mason mower skunkworks in Sidemount Hood. 73 decibels of twin-barrel four-stroke war cry, all at a price I can't really afford.

DALE: That is a water-tight seal. I can mow my lawn in a hurricane. Can you mow your lawn in a hurricane, Bill?
BILL: I don't know.
DALE: You can't mow your lawn in a hurricane. Can you, Boomhauer?
BOOMHAUER: I tell you what, man, if I got that pause-trackin' goin' on, a little choke-hold, I...
DALE: Bullcorn! Oh, almost forgot: Hank can you mow your lawn in a hurricane nope didn't think so ha ha ha ha!

DALE: I know what you're here for.
JOHN REDCORN: Dale, this isn't how I wanted you to find out.
DALE: Quit screwing around with my mower!
JOHN REDCORN: You've got to be kidding.
DALE: I don't kid about my mower. Now get inside and start massaging my wife.
JOHN REDCORN: He's taking some of the fun out of this.

DALE: Look at the date on that paper. That's tomorrow's newspaper. Who would have access to a newspaper from the future, you might ask? The paperboy.
HANK: That's today's paper, Dale.
DALE: The date on my watch has been set incorrectly. When did the paperboy have access to my watch?

BILL: The joke's always been on me. All my life, people were always playing jokes on me. And no wonder! It's fun! This isn't some elaborate joke on me, is it?

DALE: I'd like to live in your fairy-tale world, Hank, but the Fair Play For Cuba Committee is retro-fitting my mower to power Fidel's one-man escape sub.

NANCY: I don't know why you'd want to fool Dale like that. I mean, it's not hard, if you're someone he trusts. But hey, whatever turns you on, is what I always say.

GUN CLUB MEMBER # 1: The police aren't trained for this. Let's go, gun club.
GUN CLUB MEMBER # 2: But Dale's our president.
GUN CLUB MEMBER # 1: I didn't vote for him.

BOOMHAUER: Hey, yo, Dale, what you doin' up there, man... talkin' 'bout goin' crazy, man... come on down, man...
DALE: Boomhauer, if I ever heard anyone reading a script, that was it.

DALE: One shot on the way down eliminates the Gribble problem. Then the Cuban robot soldiers have only Steve Wynn standing between them and Wichita.
HANK: Dale, there are no robots and there are no Cubans.
DALE: If there are no Cubans, how do you account for Desi Arnaz?

DALE: You know, you used to be on my list of trustables, and it was a very short list. I wasn't even on it. But now, I just don't know. I guess you're not my friend.
HANK: Dale, if I could do it again, I'd... hey, what the heck is that? I am too your friend. I'm as good a friend as a weirdo like you is ever going to have.

DALE: If you're going to shoot me, I want Bobby Hill to take the shot, because he'll put me down clean.
BOBBY: Okay.

DALE: I'll never forget you, Hank. I will bury you in my backyard. I'll dedicate my life to propane. And don't you worry about Peggy... I'll keep Bill away from her.
HANK: I'm fine, Dale, but if you're serious about the propane, I've got some pamphlets...
DALE: You're fine! You were wearing a bulletproof vest. You thought I was gonna shoot you.
HANK: Well, that or spray me with poisonous chemicals. I thought you'd kill yourself right after.
DALE: I would have, too.
BOBBY: We're going to see the training camp of the Dallas Cowboys. They used to be in Austin till, well, you know. But like my dad says, "Cowboys will be Cowboys."
HANK: I say that in private, Bobby.

BOBBY: Ervine's looking good this year, huh, Dad?
HANK: Yep. I'm giving him a A minus.
BOBBY: I'm giving him a B plus. That gives him some room to improve.
HANK: Good thinking, son.
BOBBY: And I'm giving Troy Aikman a B plus too.
HANK: That's not funny, Bobby.

HANK: Sweet Jethro Pugh!

HANK: All his dreams from now on are gonna be about leaving. And then some high school guidance counsellor is gonna tell him to follow his dreams. Then how will he end up? A fruit pie salesman with a whoopie cushion living in Wichita Falls.

DALE: Hank's right. If all the children leave Arlen, there will be no young to take care of our old. Our old will feed off our very old. Our very old who are not eaten will wish they had been... eaten.

HANK: We used to make movies all the time. Dale, you practically slept with that little camcorder.
DALE: "Practically?" I was going to be the next Zapruder. Except nobody shot a president after that. Nobody that knew what he was doing.

BOOMHAUER: Hey, man, all you need is a dang ol' narrator, you know, like that movie trailer guy, dang ol' "In a world where love is against the law..." Something like that.

NANCY: Welcome, Jerry Jones. I'm Nancy Hicks Gribble, and I'll be your tour guide on a magical journey through Arlen, Texas, the next training camp site of the Dallas Cowboys.
Sharks may be scary,
As is the spear-like marlin,
But fear not, Jerry,
'Cause landlocked Arlen is darlin'!

BOBBY: Do you really think the Cowboys would move to Arlen?
HANK: I sure do, son. Just imagine what it'll be like. We'll go get autographs, and Troy Aikman will toss the ball around with you. I wish I had Dandy Don Meredith or Roger Staubach throwing me passes when I was your age. Even Craig Morton would have been okay. I love you, Bobby.
BOBBY: What?!
HANK: Uh... nothing. Hey, look, a bird!

PEGGY: Whoosh! Do you know what that is?
HANK: No.
PEGGY: I will tell you. It's the sound of Arlen's future going right down the toilet. And do you know whose butt is on that seat? Well, it's yours, Hank. It's your butt.

DALE: Hank, you have bullyragged this production and stifled my creativity since day one. It is now day two. I quit.

BOBBY: It's okay, Dad. We were crazy to try and compete with Wichita Falls.

BOBBY: Dad's talking to the Tom Landry plate again.

HANK: So I guess this means you'll be leaving us when you grow up.
BOBBY: Yeah, I'll probably leave. But it's not for a while, Dad. I'm only twelve. We've still got plenty of time together.
HANK: Yeah. And even after you leave, Wichita Falls is only six hours away.
BOBBY: I can't be a prop comic in Wichita Falls. I'm moving to New York City, or Hollywood. Maybe Vegas.
HANK: Ugh! Well, as long as it's not Wichita Falls.
BOBBY: Well, I might keep a house there for tax purposes.
REVEREND THOMASON: And now, friends, I'm sad to say I've decided to retire from Arlen First Methodist.
PEGGY: Retire? The man works half a day a week!
REVEREND THOMASON: After much reflection and soul-searching, I've decided that the future of God is on the internet. Cyberrev.com will spread the gospel to every online soul in the world, unless you have AOL.

DALE: So it's up and running. The secret lab in the basement of the Harvard Divinity School where they ordain women surgically.

HANK: I told you to stop sending my dad "The Gribble Report."
DALE: You tell me a lot of things, Hank. Most of which I publish.

COTTON: Leave it to a woman to turn God's house into a love shack!

REVEREND STROUP: I just spoke to the arson investigator. His investigation points to arson!

PEGGY: Our dear, sweet, sensitive little boy. He feels everything so deeply, like a poet. A cowboy poet.

REVEREND STROUP: Protestant and Catholic, Jew and Buddhist, man and woman, we are all brought together today by hate.
LUANNE: Oh, I hate hate!

COTTON: It's only a matter of time before they accuse me of church-burnery.
DALE: Colonel, I would be honored if you used my phone to claim responsibility.

COTTON: Look for the man with the terrible smell! He's the one you want! You hear me? The man with the terrible smell!

PEGGY: I have always said that that man is capable of anything. Before, people used to look away or pretend not to hear me. But now they will all have to nod in agreement, yes they will.

DIDI: Cotton burned down a church. Now our baby will grow up without a father. Not your'n and my baby... Cotton's and my baby.
BOBBY: I feel so bad! It was an accident! I know it was an accident! Why can't they just leave him alone and forget about it?
DIDI: This baby was an accident too, but if I forgot about it, it would never get born. I think you have to be responsible for your accidents. Cotton thinks so too. At least, he stopped saying he didn't.
BOBBY: Really?
DIDI: He says if the baby turns out as good as you, Bobby, that he will not abandon it.

COTTON: If I can take a bullet for my grandson, I'll do it. But not in the face... that's how I make my livin's.

BOBBY: Mom, as long as we're confessing: remember when Grandpa broke the arm of your Boggle trophy 'cause he was playing soccer in the house?
PEGGY: I will never forgive him for that.
BOBBY: It was me.
PEGGY: I forgive you.
PEGGY: Listen to this, it's from an old student of mine. He's on Death Row. "... and as I raise my hand for possibly my final question, I hope that Ms. Peggy Hill will call on me one more time, because she is the person who has had the most positive impact on my life. Sincerely, Wesley Martin Archer."
BOBBY: That's a good name for a killer.

BILL: You can't rein Peggy in. Peggy's like a wild mare. She needs to run free, her chestnut mane blowing in the wind, flanks glistening with sweat. I'll stop now.

DALE: Executioning. For us exterminators, that's the major league. The show.

PEGGY: Who'd you kill?
WES: I killed myself. Or at least I might as well have, as bad as I feel about it. One night I went with my buddy Ray over to his friend's house, only he wasn't home. So I gave Ray a boost up to the window. He couldn't climb up and hold his gun at the same time... that's why we were there, to return his friend's gun.
PEGGY: M-hm, I can see where this is going. Go on.
WES: So we get inside, and turns out the guy was home. He was screaming, alarms were ringing, and when a guy yells "Don't shoot," believe me, it has the opposite effect. I just panicked, and next thing I knew, his head was blown off.
PEGGY: It would be a comedy of errors if it wasn't so tragic.

WES: How do you say "Peggy Hill is the smartest, most talented woman on earth" in Spanish?
PEGGY: Well... uh... that would be "Peggy Hill es bueno."

DALE: My word is my bond, sir, due to the fact that the state wouldn't bond me.

DALE: Where's Old Sparky?
WARDEN: Old Sparky's been put out to pasture. We use lethal injection.
DALE: Okay, where's Old Squirty? Dead is dead, I don't care how we get there.

HANK: Sorry, Bobby, but I guess we're just gonna have to murder somebody if we want your mom's attention.
BOBBY: Okay.

WES: They're all as dumb as a bag of dirt. That's why they hate Boggle.
PEGGY: They hate Boggle?
WES: Only because we love Boggle. When I was little, my mee-maw used to play on her Boggle set all the time. I just watched, being illiterate and all, but I dreamed of someday playing on that set. Peggy, if you'd get me my Boggle set, you could make that dream come true.
PEGGY: I am a dream-weaver!

WES: Jeanette will get you some more timer sand.
PEGGY: What about using a watch?
WES: Peggy, that's not real Boggle.

WES: How stupid can you be? I never had you for a teacher. I grew up in Arkansas. I'm almost 40, for Cripe's sakes! I wrote every teacher in the Arlen yearbook and you were the only sap dumb enough to answer.

BOBBY: My Sloppy Joe is all Sloppy and no Joe.

PEGGY: Hank, I've been smuggling cocaine in to Wes.
HANK: Smuggling cocaine? That's got to be illegal.

HANK: No, your ass is mine, because we've got a plan. Sure we do! It's a terrific plan. We discarded two perfectly good plans when we came up with this great one.
PEGGY: Why didn't you tell me about our terrific plan?
HANK: Peggy, I made that up.
PEGGY: And the other two plans?

HANK: Peggy, I... how are you fixed for quarters? No, that's not what I meant to say. Look, you said the other day you've never had a positive impact on anybody's life. Well, I want you to know that you have. I'd hate to think where Bobby, Luanne and I would be without you.

PEGGY: I never saw that man before in my life!... And, uh, what I mean by that is, I did not bring him cocaine.

HANK: So I guess it's this convict's word against my wife's. Now, let's see, who can we trust? Peggy, have you ever decapitated anyone?
PEGGY: No, I don't believe I have. How about you, Wes? Have you ever done anything that caused a man's head to come off?
LUANNE: I won't let you down, Miss Kremzer.
MISS KREMZER: Yeah, sure.

HANK: Bill, remember when we got you to brush your teeth by saying you didn't know how?
BILL: Yeah.
DALE: Reverse psychology? That'll never work.
HANK: Yes, it will!
DALE: Gotcha.

LUANNE: I just had a test last semester, and now I have to take another test! It's not fair! How often in real life are you tested?

HANK: Kahn, me and the guys were just thinking...
DALE: We don't want to fix your trampoline.
BILL: I do!
DALE: Bill!
BILL: What?
HANK: Dale!
DALE: Gih!

MISS KREMZER: Very good, Sharona. If this hair weren't attached to a horse's rear end, I'd swear it was Cher's.

LUANNE: Who are you? What are you doin'? What???
BUCKLEY: Chicken butt.

LUANNE: You are an angel! Unless you're just a hallucinogen of my mind. If you're really Buckley's Angel, then tell me something only the real Buckley would know.
BUCKLEY: Uh... you have a birthmark on your butt the shape of a Honda key.
LUANNE: You are a real angel!

PEGGY: Luanne, you look positively radiant this morning. You're not pregnant, are you?

LUANNE: I have an announcement to make. Last night I had a religious experience.
PEGGY: Ix-nay, ix-nay! Obby-bay too-yay oung-yay!

PEGGY: She is giving me the heebiest of jeebies.
HANK: The angel part, sure, but the whole not crying thing... I like that. I like that a lot.
PEGGY: I told her to use proper ventilation around those hair chemicals.
HANK: She's probably just stressed out, Peggy, but if this helps her, let her think anything she wants. She sees Buckley's Angel; Nolan Ryan saw his arm as a rocket launcher and the catcher's mitt as Saddam Hussein.

HANK: I can't believe I didn't think of this before. It's like she has a boyfriend I never have to meet.

SHARONA: You're going to fail the test and flunk out of beauty school and wind up selling pretzels at the mall, and we'll all be famous hairdressers on the third floor of the mall working on people's hair who eat pretzels at the pretzel place.

HANK: "Dear Buckley's Angel, find me a woman, any woman. Love, Bill F. De La T. Dauterive."
BILL: Hey, that is between me and Buckley's Angel.
HANK: There is no Buckley's Angel! There was barely a Buckley! That greaseball couldn't even find a hammer in the Megalomart... how could he possibly find you a woman?

DALE: It's a sign. We've been playing God with Buckley's trampoline, and now God is playing God with us, and he's a lot better at it.

BOOMHAUER: I don't know, man, I been havin' trouble with my dang ol' crankshaft...Buckley's Angel, walk up and just touch the hood, just touch it, my Dodge is healed, man... yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, man.

MINH: This about Buckley's Angel, huh, Peggy Hill?
PEGGY: How did you know about that?
MINH: Not much happen in this neighborhood. When someone come back from dead, it gets around.
PEGGY: Well, Luanne is clearly crazy. I mean, if there was a real religious vision, why would it come to her? I was home!
MINH: Uh-huh.
PEGGY: I mean, I have had my share of close encounters. Once, I heard a voice saying "Jesus is love," right in my ear. But when I turned off the hair dryer, it was suddenly gone.

LUANNE: Maybe I should drop out of beauty school, Aunt Peggy.
PEGGY: What? Luanne, you have wanted to go to beauty school since you were six! You have wanted to graduate from beauty school since you were twelve! If you give up on school, honey, you are giving up on your dreams. "Education is the sleeping pill that makes dreams happen."... Peggy Hill.
LUANNE: But school is hard. I should just give up and sell pretzels.
PEGGY: Uh-uh. You have to look deep inside yourself and stop depending on your uncle, or your boyfriend, or your boyfriend's angel. This time it is all up to you. Buckley's Angel helps those who help themselves.
LUANNE: I'll do it! You'll help me, right?
PEGGY: Of course.

LUANNE: I don't know why you didn't come, Buckley's Angel. If this is some kind of test, I'll have to take a make-up test, because I have a makeup and a hair test this morning.

BUCKLEY: You're gonna fail the test.
LUANNE: What?
BUCKLEY: I have a message from Jesus, something about how you suck at beauty school, except worded nicer. Here it is: "Luanne, you really suck at beauty school. Drop out. Love, Jesus." Hm. He underlined "really." Guess it wasn't nicer.
LUANNE: I thought angels were supposed to be good! You're a terrible angel, Buckley... I wish you never died!
BUCKLEY: Hey, Jesus said it, not me.
LUANNE: You are mean, just like when you were my boyfriend! But I have faith in me, and I am not gonna be trailer trash! I'm gonna graduate, and I'm... I'm gonna do makeups, and I'm gonna have the biggest truck in Hollywood!

BUCKLEY: Bail!!!

LUANNE: You thought I was in school with you? In college?
GIRL: Yeah, why not?

LUANNE: Buckley's Angel came back and I almost hit a wiener-wagon, but first, Buckley said that Jesus said that I was meant for something else, and I thought Jesus meant something worse. But then I remembered you telling me not to give up on my dreams, and I realized he meant something better. So I got my tuition back from Miss Kremzer and enrolled in Arlen Community College... just like Jesus said!

BUCKLEY: I just came back to say I'm sorry I bailed out of the car.
LUANNE: I knew you weren't really a jerk.
BUCKLEY: Yeah. Well, I gotta go. Jesus is having a party. It's gonna rock.
LUANNE: There'll probably be a lot of people there, but if you see Jesus, tell him I said thanks.

LUANNE: No, that part's over.
BUCKLEY: Why?
LUANNE: Chicken thigh.

KAHN: Buckley's Angel? Oh, I'm so alone! I have to commute to Houston every day... that city one big stinkhole! Did I make the right decision, Buckley's Angel? Oh, Buckley's Angel! Why you not come to me instead of that redneck little hot potato?
THATHERTON: Allow me to introduce the newest dispatcher at Thatherton Fuels, Mrs. Rita Bevaqua.
HANK: Bevaqua? Any relation to former Texas Rangers third baseman Kurt Bevaqua?
RITA: Kurt's my husband by marriage.
THATHERTON: The Chamber of Commerce rule book says immediate family members are eligible to play. Husband falls under the category of immediate family, don't it, boys?
HANK: Thatherton!

DOOLEY: You guys are a couple.

BILL: I wish you could coach my army softball team. We don't have any good leaders. That's classified.

COACH: Like I tell my gym class, girls can't play sports.
THATHERTON: At least I've found one who can get it over the plate, if you know what I mean. I'm having sex with her.
COACH: But she's no good at sports, right?
PEGGY: Oh! Thatherton!

LUANNE: And not one of my beauty school credits has transferred to junior college. It turns out you have to get at least a C.

BOBBY: Don't buy inferior Arrow Girl cookies! What are they offering? Oatmeal? That's for breakfast. Mint? What are you, sixty? Dog poop? What kind of flavor is that for a cookie? Oh, my mistake, that's their peanut butter.

MR. STRICKLAND: Did I hear you right? Did you say you want to replace our catcher Enrique with this little filly?
PEGGY: Luanne has a lot of experience catching me.
HANK: But I told them that we don't have any room.
MR. STRICKLAND: Enrique, you're fired!

HANK: Let's walk this next batter, set up the double play.
PEGGY: Oh, Hank, I can strike out this lap-dancer in my sleep.
HANK: No, it's not good strategy. Walk this gal and pitch to the one with the ridiculous implants.

HANK: Everybody wants to be a superstar now. Nobody wants to be a team player. You know, when the Coach wanted Mickey Mantle to take the pitch, and he wasn't too hung over to see the sign, he took the pitch, I tell you what.

PEGGY: I can't find the plate any more. Without my pitching, what am I? Just another four-eyed Boggle champion.
HANK: Okay, here's your problem, you need to tuck your elbow in more and release earlier in your windmill.
PEGGY: Really? Are you sure? I think...
HANK: Don't think. Thinking leads to over-thinking.

KAHN: Oh my God, you killed my Minh! Ha, not really. But you really do suck, Peggy Hill.

HANK: We're playing Thatherton's team today, Luanne. Be careful, he'll use every trick in the book to mess with the catcher, including the use of off-color language.
BOBBY: Thatherton!

PEGGY: I think I can safely say, "the pitch is back!" Oh, Peggy!

BOBBY: Who's ready to take the cookie challenge? On the left, Bobby's cookies, fresh and buttery. And on the right, Arrow Girl cookies, foul and musty.
ARROW GIRL: Bobby Hill, you have mocked your last Arrow Girl cookie!

CONNIE: My boyfriend is a cookie genius!
BOBBY: Yeah, I am a cookie... boyfriend?

BOOMHAUER: Hey man, you don't think you could help me get some of them Ranger tickets, man? Nope? Strike one!

PEGGY: We both know Kurt Bevaqua corks his bat. He always has and he always will.
HANK: Peggy, he was using an aluminum bat.
PEGGY: I didn't say he was smart, Hank, I said he was cheating.
DALE: Twenty years. If your marriage were a murderer, it'd probably be out by now.

LUANNE: Bobby, my camping trip's been cancelled and the shelter says I have to be battered to stay there. So can I go with you to Cotton's?
BOBBY: No way. This is my last chance for Grandpa to spoil me before the baby's born. You stay away from him. He's mine. He doesn't even know your name.
LUANNE: Yes, he does. I'm "Missy Melons."

HANK: Now, this is not my award-winning "The History of Propane" slide show, but it's the next best thing: my marriage to Mrs. Peggy Hill. I call it "Twenty Years of Outstanding Service." Here we see the early years, when our first home was an efficiency apartment. Although it would have been more efficient if it was heated with propane.
PEGGY: The bed was our only piece of furniture, and it was all we needed.
HANK: Yep. 'Cause it converted into a couch. Bobby's head pretty much regained its shape, and Peggy pretty much regained her shape too. Heh-heh. Seriously, this is the day Bobby was born. Here's Peggy and me whooping it up at the Young Gassers' Ball.
KAHN: Slide show longer than damn marriage!
HANK: Is this Hank and Peggy Hill twenty years from now? I hope so, because I wouldn't want it any other way. Here's to twenty more years of outstanding service.

COTTON: This one's bustin' to get out. Not like Hank. Never moved once while he was in there. Not even born and he already give up.

DRIVER: Where to?
LUANNE: Anywhere but here. Oh, not the Dress Barn... I bounced a check. Or the nail salon, for the same reason.

COTTON: Bobby, this ain't no Basky Robbins vacation! Didi's with child! She's useless! Now, the first thing you can do is clean my ears.

PEGGY: Whatever happened to that young couple who dreamed of inventing a new steak sauce, or taking a train to Alaska?
HANK: That couple just grew up and realized that there was too much competition among existing steak sauces. We did ourselves a favor by abandoning those dreams.

HANK: What was that?
PEGGY: Just the sound of all the children we never had.
HANK: I couldn't give them to you, Peggy. It's my fault. I have a narrow urethra, yes I do. This is my urethra. Nothing. I ran the 40 in 5.9 seconds, but my fellas haven't reached the end zone in twelve years.

BOBBY: I hope Grandpa treats the baby better than he treats you.
DIDI: Oh, he will, Bobby. Until the baby crosses him.

INSTRUCTOR: You're all here for different reasons, and personally I don't care what those reasons are. But you'll all be joined together by the one thing I do care about: parachuting. You have never experienced anything like what you are about to experience here today. Nothing comes close. Not even sex. Don't get me wrong, I like sex. A lot. But parachuting is, well... God, it's... it's hard to describe.

HANK: Oh, my God, I can see Strickland Propane from here. It's beautiful.

HANK: Peggy, you were right, it's amazing! It's like selling a million grills all at the same time. With extended warranties.
HANK: I think my wife... I think... might be dead. I'll be right back.

PEGGY: I have had a near-death experience. Most people never get that, except when it's right next to their death experience, and then they can't appreciate it.

PEGGY: Your mother is one of only sixteen people who have survived parachutes not opening. Now, sixteen is just my estimate. I'll double-check my numbers later.

COTTON: Hank, what did you do to your wife? I didn't teach you that!

COTTON: You're a handsome little soldier. You wanna kill a Nazzy? A Nazzy Nazzy-squazzy?

COTTON: I'm calling him Hank. Always wanted a boy named Hank.
HANK: Dad, Hank is my name.
COTTON: Not any more. I'm takin' it back.
HANK: You can't take away a grown man's name.
COTTON: All right, I'll call him G.H. Good Hank.

HANK: Dad, this isn't right. If you call him Good Hank, it makes it sound like I'm Bad Hank.
COTTON: Well, you burnt my burgers, didn't you, B.H.?

COTTON: What the...? The boy's leakin' out of his chest!
NURSE: Oh, that's just from his nipples. It's a form of lactation.
COTTON: I thought you said it was a boy!
NURSE: He is. He's simply been ingesting a lot of female hormones from his mother. It's so common it has a name: "Witch's Milk."
COTTON: Oh, Lord, what did I do to deserve this? Was it them fi'ty men I killed?

HANK: Maybe it would do us all some good if you got away for a while. How would you like a few days at the Motel Arlen? My treat.
LUANNE: Highway 9 or 6?
HANK: 9.
LUANNE: No, thank you.
HANK: All right, 6.
LUANNE: Yes!

MINH: Cast make you look good, Peggy Hill. Like mummy in museum, but with attitude. Mummy for the '90s!
NANCY: Sug, you ain't helping.

PEGGY: I thought I'd be spending more time doing some hands-on baby care. I guess that was just a little unrealistic, huh?
HANK: Well, you know, Helen Keller was largely useless, but look how we remember her: first lady of the American stage.

PEGGY: I was once one of the finest mothers in all of Texas, and now I can't even wipe a baby. And I have to watch those two, Cotton and Stupid, with their beautiful new baby that they don't even want!

BOBBY: I am a twelve year-old boy! I am this child's nephew! I cannot do this. I cannot do this! If anyone makes any dinner, I'll eat it, but that's it. All I'll do is eat!

PEGGY: Isn't it amazing? It's the greatest dang feeling in the world.
DOCTOR: Now, Peggy, don't expect to be 100% right away. It's likely your muscles have atrophied.
PEGGY: Well, what you don't know, doctor, is that every day since the accident, I have been doing asymmetric butt-clenches.

RAMSEY: I'm your physical therapist, and I am going to have you... walking again in no time.
PEGGY: You will?
RAMSEY: Sure. Maybe not today. Maybe not tomorrow. A month... way too soon.
PEGGY: Oh.
RAMSEY: Don't be so tough on yourself. Nobody spends six weeks in a cast without their body going a little soft. But that's okay. Water's soft too, but give it time and it'll carve the Grand Canyon. Now, that didn't take a day, a week, or even a month. It took over two hundred years.
PEGGY: The Grand Canyon took millions of years.
RAMSEY: You're going to have to learn to trust me, Mrs. Hill. We're going to be working together, an hour at a time, once a week, for as long as it takes to carve you a Grand Canyon. We're going to do this drop by drop. Are you with me?
PEGGY: Well, all right, I guess. Okay. Let's do it.
RAMSEY: Great! See you next week.

COTTON: Tojo had me cooped up in a bamboo rat cage. There was nothing to eat except rats. So that's what I ate. After two weeks I was down to my last rat. I let him live so I could eat his droppings. Called it "Jungle Rice." Tasted fine. About September, I was finally thin enough to slip between the bamboo bars. I strangled the guard with a rope made of grated rat-tails, and ran to safety.

COTTON: What are you on your knees for, woman? Prayin' ain't gonna help! If God loved you, he'd have opened your sissy-chute!

PEGGY: Teach me to walk.
COTTON: You ready to hate me more than you ever hated anyone in your life?
PEGGY: I already do.
COTTON: Then we're halfway there.

COTTON: Look at you, all high and mighty, sittin' in that wheelchair like some Franklin D. Eleanor Roosevelt!

COTTON: Tojo had a machine gun nest high up on a hill, and my whole unit pinned down. So I snuck myself behind enemy lines in a fi'ty-five gallon drum of sake. Held my breath until they was good and drunk, and then I jumped out, spittin' out the whole end of my supply. Yep, I hibachi'd the whole squad.

COTTON: Guam, 1944. I crawled through a minefield to retrieve General MacArthur's corn-cob pipe.

DIDI: Colonel, I think the baby's crying.
COTTON: Good job. Those parenting classes are startin' to pay off.
DIDI: Thank you.

COTTON: Meet the greatest collection of soldiers this country has ever known: Stinky, Fatty, Stinky, Brooklyn, Stinky, Brooklyn, Fatty, Fatty, and Doc. Oh, and Irwin Linker.

PEGGY: Hank, he is not torturing me. He is inspiring me. And with his help, Peggy Hill is doing things I could never have done on her own.

PEGGY: Oh, God, it was all lies! Why did I ever believe him? Why did I ever believe I could walk?
HANK: Oh, come on, Peggy. So I was right. That's not important now.

PEGGY: He may rot in hell, but he will not rot in the Texas State Cemetary.

DALE: Colonel, from your dress and demeanor, can I assume you are about to take your own life in a cheap motel room with your service revolver?

PEGGY: What was I thinking? Munich? Rat-tails? He is no hero. He was just torturing me. He is a complete fraud.
PEGGY: What are you muttering? Are you actually trying to defend him?
HANK: I said that fraud used to be six foot four.
PEGGY: So?
HANK: When he came back from the Pacific, he was five foot even. A Japanese machine gun blew away his shins. The doctor said he'd never walk again. Eighteen months later, my father walked right over to that doctor, reached up, and punched him in the kidneys. Now, I can't prove what he did at those battles. In fact, I'm not even sure if the part about hitting the doctor is true. But I do know this: my father doesn't have shins, and somehow he walks. And that's pretty heroic to me. And that's what I was muttering.

DIDI: It's a lovely grave, Cotton. You deserve it.

COTTON: You get to the top of that hill, and I'll let you dance on my grave!
DALE: This record is all Bill's got. Should we rock-paper-scissors to see who keeps him from killing himself in the bathroom?

BILL: I've never done a radio interview before, but hardly a week goes by that I don't do a telephone survey about my long-distance service.

BILL: It was nineteen and seventy-four, and we were playing the Wahachi Cowboys. The ball was on the three-yard line with five seconds left. We needed a touchdown to win, and that's when Coach called for... The Billdozer!

RICKY: Doctors say I'm out for the season.
PEGGY: Oh, what do doctors know? A doctor told me I might never walk again. Well, not only am I walking, I hear his marriage has gone South too.

BILL: Only Ricky and I know how tough it is to get this far. He won't let anything stand in his way. Yep, I remember hemmorhage, and embolism, and even detatched retina... it sounded scary, but when you smell the goal line, they're only words. Just words.

RICKY: I'd like to thank everyone who made this possible: My coach, God, and the school board. I'd also like to thank Mr. Deevatreaux for taking such good care of the trophy ball.

SPORTS JOCK: Now don't go sayin' the Sports Jock should be fitted for a skirt and some of them pretty hoop earrings, but I got a tear in my eye last night watching Ricky Suggs break the record.
CHAD: M-hm.
HANK: What?!? The Sports Jock, maybe, but Chad? Come on, isn't anyone gonna say what we all better be thinking?
DALE: It's an... outrage?
HANK: That's right, Dale!
DALE: I am outraged! I really am!

PEGGY: Poor Bill. He was living in his past and that boy has stolen it. Where is Bill supposed to live now?

HANK: Mr. Chairman, I would like to respectfully submit that you put an asterisk next to Ricky Suggs's name in the record book. And that asterisk should read: "This record was attained through the use of fraud and bad sportsmanship."
EUSTACE: That motion is denied, Mr. Hill. Ricky Suggs is an inspiration to us all. Now on to more important matters: My motion to add "fatty fatty boom-balatty" to the list of unacceptable hate speech.

HANK: Hey, how about the time we snuck into the stadium and mowed the whole field before the groundskeeper could? The look on his face right before we apologized!
BILL: Yeah, we were crazy. I can thank the army for straightening me out.
HANK: You were a changed man when you came back.
BILL: Oh, yeah. I may not have made it to Vietnam, since the war ended right after I volunteered, but barber school at Fort Bragg... baptism by fire, my friend!

COACH: I'd have to cut somebody...
HANK: Well, you got that exchange student who kicks barefoot. I think we've all had enough of that.

BILL: I can play again? Thank God I never graduated from high school! Do I have to go to class too?
HANK: Come on, Bill, you're on the football team.
BILL: Just like the old days.

RICKY: When I crossed the goal line and set the record, I didn't do it just for me. I did it for my girlfriend...
RICKY: ...And for everyone here at Arlen High. Except for Old Man Crybaby, who's probably gonna cost us the game.

COACH: This guy was setting records before you were born! He fought for your freedom in North Carolina during 'Nam!

BILL: "Arlen High, we honor thee, / Thy legacy of bravery..." Come on, guys, too cool to sing the school song?
PLAYER: We changed it back in '97.
COACH: It's "Candle in the Wind" now.
BILL: Marilyn Monroe or England's Rose?

COACH: We may not have their youth, or speed, or performance-enhancing drugs, but we got something they don't: guts.

RICKY: No fair! Asterisk! Asterisk!

HANK: We're still in scoring position. If Arlen High gets the ball again, you can get the record back.
BILL: No. When Ricky tied my record, he did it fair and square. I am honored to share it with him. Besides, I can't get up. Thank you Hank, I couldn't have done it without you.
HANK: No sir, you the man!
BILL: No, you the man! I can't point, Hank.
HANK: That's okay. Just don't look down at your leg.
PEGGY: Falling from that plane may have broken my spine, but it could not break my teaching bone, no, not even if one existed.

MR. STRICKLAND: I'm gettin' squeezed by some insurance company pencil-stain who claims that workin' too long without a vacation can make you sloppy. And when you get sloppy in the propane business, people die. And then my premiums go up.

HANK: Kill any bugs today?
DALE: Did I?? No.
BILL: I did! It fell in the big jar of blue stuff where I keep my combs.
DALE: Was it small like an ant, or crafty like a fly?
BILL: I'm not sure.
DALE: Fly.

HANK: Maybe you could use an extra set of hands.
DALE: Wingo! But you gotta chip in for gas and poison.

HANK: Bobby, from now on, when I say "How was school?" what I really mean is "How was shop?"

LUANNE: I'm a pre-education major. Maybe I could be a substitute teacher.
PEGGY: Oh, Luanne, honey, I was not laughing at you, I was laughing at the idea.

PEGGY: Hank, I'm going to do for you what, at the beginning of my career, I did for me: create a unified theory of education. Now, teaching can be divided into seven spectras: the salutatory, the attendatory, pedagoguery... wait, how did it go? Let's see, "Sir Arnold Prefers Dining..." D. Disciplinaria...
HANK: ...Which brings us to "sanitaria." Uh... everybody looks pretty clean.

HANK: Just remember to clamp your butt-joint.
HANK: Oh. I get it.
BOBBY: I'm sorry, Dad, I just...
HANK: No, it's okay, joke's on me, you're right: you should use a mitre-joint there. That will look better.
BOBBY: Than a...?
HANK: Butt-joint.

PRINCIPAL MOSS: We don't have money for all these fancy teaching aids, like wood.
HANK: You know, the Carl Moss I knew wouldn't...
PRINCIPAL MOSS: Give it a rest, Hank. All parents care about these days is zero-tolerance drug policies and literacy. "Why can't Johnny read? Why can't Johnny read?" God, that gets old.
HANK: But Carl, shop is the foundation of all learning. And I tell you what, a youngster with a tool in both hands has no hands left to do drugs.
PRINCIPAL MOSS: They can put the tools down if they want to do the drugs bad enough.

HANK: "Here I sit, broken-hearted. Came to..." Aaahh! Who brought a cordless power-sander?
BOBBY: I'm on it.

BOBBY: Dad has very good buzz.
PEGGY: And what is the word on me?
BOBBY: I think you're seen as more of an insider. One of them. A suit. You know, they play, you dance.

PRINCIPAL MOSS: According to the school board's zero-tolerance policy, anything that can be used as a weapon is a weapon.
HANK: Well, that's just asinine!
PRINCIPAL MOSS: Hey, my hands are tied. If I showed even a little bit of tolerance, we couldn't call it zero-tolerance.

HANK: Damn zero-tolerance. Using a saw as a weapon makes about as much sense as using a gun to cut a two-by-four. That's how my dad built my treehouse. How he cleaned it, too.

PEGGY: I accept this award on behalf of everyone who has ever fallen out of a plane and lived to win her third straight Substitute Teacher of the Year award.
KAHN: My boss wants me to give big-time speech. I get five whole minutes. Peons only get three. You ever make five-minute speech, Hank? No! Only three!

MINH: Kahn, we have no nanny for Connie.
KAHN: Oh, cruel, cruel fate! This Maui speech could be my stepping-stone from systems analyst to senior systems analyst!

KAHN: Here's Connie's babysitting book, version 4.0, with seafood allergy upgrade.
MINH: Everything you need to know is in here. It teach you how to be a parent this week. What time Connie should eat, acceptable reading material...
HANK: "Newsweek?" Not in this house.

BOOMHAUER: Man, what you doin', man, comin' over like this, man?
BOBBY: I need some advice. I don't know what to sleep in. You know, if there's a girl in the house.
BOOMHAUER: Yeah, man, I tell you what, man, dang ol' girl in the house right now, man.
BOBBY: Uh-huh. Then what should I wear?
BOOMHAUER: Well, you know, dang ol' can't go wrong with ol' silk, man, cut out dang ol' flannel, man, dang ol' itch your bottom, she wears top, he wears bottom, you know what I'm sayin', man?
BOBBY: Yeah, I was thinking the Ninja Turtles, with underwear.
BOOMHAUER: I tell you what, man, let me know how that works out, man, not my dang ol' first call, man.

CONNIE: There's something I've always wondered. Propane is called liquid petroleum, but isn't it a gas, Mr. Hill?
HANK: Please, Connie, call me Hank.

JOSEPH: So, are your lips numb?
BOBBY: A gentleman does not kiss and tell.
JOSEPH: You chickened out.
BOBBY: Yes, sir, I did.

CONNIE: How many cows do you people eat in a year?
HANK: Wait, we figured this out once.

KAHN: Oh, man, this is the best speech ever written! JFK got nothing on me. "Profiles in Jealousy." Ha ha!
MINH: You need to relax, Kahn. Come, we throw frisbee. Where it land, that's where we make crazy love.
KAHN: Oh, yeah! I am bad boy of systems analysis.

WOMAN: The person you have reached...
PEGGY: Hello, this is Peggy Hill. I am so sorry I cannot take your call. Please leave a message.
WOMAN: ...Is not available. To leave a message...

NURSE: Here's a list of products for Connie that you can pick up at any pharmacy.
HANK: Couldn't you just give her the stuff? You are a hospital.
NURSE: No, you have to go and buy them.
HANK: I mean, let's say you got stitches. You might sent me home with a box of Band-Aids if I asked for them, right?
NURSE: Band-Aids aren't going to work in this situation. Please, don't try Band-Aids.

HANK: Aisle 8A. Boy, we sure are a long way from automotive.

PEGGY: Hank, what is it?
HANK: You know, the special time in girls' lives, and the freshness and all that.
PEGGY: Oh, my Lord. Oh, poor Connie.
HANK: Poor Connie? Poor me! I had to learn about Megalobsorbancy.
PEGGY: You went down Aisle 8A? We have been married for twenty years and I can't get you past Aisle 5.

PEGGY: Connie started her period.
BOBBY: What's that now?
PEGGY: She has taken her first steps to becoming a woman.
BOBBY: She can't be a woman! I'm still a kid. Look at me! I even got the kids' meal. I love this toy.
PEGGY: Oh, Bobby, honey, you will catch up eventually. This year, next year, it does not matter when. Because you will always be Mommy's little man.

CONNIE: You know what I want to do, Bobby? Sit here!
BOBBY: Fine! You sit on that couch. I'm young! I'm young and alive and I'm going outside to enjoy life!

JOSEPH: Word is Connie's Aunt Flo is in town.
BOBBY: Yeah, probably because she started her period.

JOSEPH: It's all over, Bobby. I heard when girls get the curse, they only go out with hairy high school guys with cars.
BOBBY: I've got peach fuzz and a bike.

CONNIE: Mom, I was really mean to Bobby and I don't know why.
MINH: He annoying little boy.
CONNIE: Mom...!
MINH: Kahn Jr., you have PMS. It's hard, but very easy to understand. You just yell and yell, or you just cry and cry.
CONNIE: But it feels like I'm doing both of those at the same time.
MINH: Connie, you feel things more now. Makes sad movies truly excellent. You see Titanic on the right day, it blow you away.

CONNIE: Mom, you don't know Bobby. He's not like other boys.
MINH: All men are the same. But now you are different. And you must act different, like an adult. Except at movie theater, where you child, and your father and I students.

HANK: Bobby, every woman has a period... of time every month.
BOBBY: Even Mom?
HANK: Bobby, if we're gonna get through this, you cannot ask me questions like that.
BOBBY: My bad.
HANK: Now, every month, a woman has this time when she gets very angry at everything. And usually, men are the everything. It's like a tire fire. Trying to put it out just makes it worse. You just gotta let it burn. Grab a beer, and let it burn.

KAHN: Hank Hill. You ruin my life. What can I do for you?

BOBBY: So now you're a woman.
CONNIE: Technically, I think I'm only a woman four days a month.
BOBBY: Four days? Well, that's for most people. But you're super-organized. I bet you can get through it in two days.
CONNIE: I don't think that's how it works.
BOBBY: You know, if I was becoming a man, I wouldn't dump you.
CONNIE: I don't want to dump you, Bobby. I still want to be your girlfriend. But for those four days when I'm a woman, I don't want to be anywhere near you.
BOBBY: Deal! I'll see you in two days.
HANK: I have never poured out beer, even to put out a grass fire.

HANK: Let's say it is your beer. How old are you?
LUANNE: Nineteen and a half.
HANK: Exactly. The moment you tried to claim the prize, you'd be incarcerated for underage drinking. So if it's your beer, you get to go to jail. If it's my beer, you get to come to New Orleans with us. Your call.
LUANNE: New Orleans!

PEGGY: Hank, if you are willing to give up a sure thing and go for the million, well, honey, you've got more frijoles than any man I've ever known.

DALE: How 'bout I come with? I've always wanted to eat fried dough in the most corrupt city on earth.

HANK: He's speaking some kind of French.
PEGGY: Let me handle this. I speak Spanish. It's the same thing.

PEGGY: Bill, I had no idea you spoke Cajun. Perhaps that's because I try not to ask you questions.

ROSE: I am Rose, the youngest.
LILY: I am Lily, the youngest-looking.
VIOLETTA: I am Violetta, the pretty one.
BILL: You are a garden of women.
VIOLETTA: And you must be the Guillaume we've heard so much about. The last remaining Dauterive male. Or should I say...
GILBERT: Oh, don't bother.

HANK: You sort of snuck up on me there.
GILBERT: I'm terribly sorry. I've always been a creeper. Violetta says I creep like the kudzu vines that are slowly but surely strangling our Dixie.

ESMAY: The Dauterive blood is down to a trickle. My two sons and my son-in-law, Girac, Rene and Emeril, died of arterial sclerosis in their twenties, leaving three desperate, childless widows to wander this house. They are strings on a heart stretched far too taut, and if they are not strummed soon... well... they really need to be strummed.
PEGGY: This is right out of Shakespeare!

LILY: Oh, you play beautifully.
BILL: I'm as surprised as you are.

GILBERT: This muggy November weather gives me the horribles.

HANK: So, Gilbert, how do the Saints look this year?
GILBERT: Oh, I am more familiar with sinners than saints, my dear. And sinners always look good.

PEGGY: Bill, listen to me. Two of those women are the widows of the dead Dauterive sons. They are only related by marriage, so they are in play. But one of them is your flesh-and-blood cousin. She is your ticket to hell.
BILL: Oh, my God. Which one is it?
PEGGY: That I do not know. So just to be safe, keep your hands off all three.
BILL: I still have a two-out-of-three chance. I never had those odds before.
PEGGY: But, Bill...
BILL: Goodbye, Peggy.

BOBBY: I need a window seat, because this flower is wilting.

GILBERT: Have a pleasant journey, and don't be afraid to ask directions from somebody who has already been where you think you need to go.
HANK: What's that supposed to mean?
GILBERT: Let Dandy Don Meredith take the throw.

HANK: Mr. Meredith, I have admired you from your playing days to Monday Night Football to your iced tea commercials.
DON MEREDITH: Well, my mom always calls me "Don" or "Donny."
HANK: Wow! That's a great story, Mr. Meredith.

GILBERT: Your cousin is Violetta.
BILL: How long you been sitting there?
GILBERT: Thirty-five years.

BOBBY: I do believe I'll give room service a jangle and have them send up some etouffe.

ESMAY: Tell me this: were you here to till the soil and nurture the vine, or were you just playing in the garden?
BILL: Playing.
ESMAY: I think it would be best if you took your leave.

DON MEREDITH: Damned if I didn't want to come through for you, Hank. I'm sorry I let you down. But you'll be a lot happier if you let this one go.
HANK: I'll never have a chance like this again.
DON MEREDITH: No, you won't. You know, there's something I wanted as much as you wanted that million dollars.
HANK: Don, you have everything! You were a Cowboy. During the Landry years.
DON MEREDITH: I wanted to go to the Super Bowl. Came close, but it never happened. It never will. And that's okay. I've never looked back.
HANK: It is an honor just to be on the field with you, Dandy Don.

PEGGY: Nice weekend, Bill?
BILL: Both of 'em!
DALE: I am the hoe-master! Hear me hoe!

DALE: Hank, you were right about it being complicated but wrong to make me want to try it so badly.

HANK: No, that's a straight pipe. I'm looking for an L pipe.
CLERK: "l"s are straight.
HANK: Lower-case, maybe, but... fine, I'm looking for a capital L pipe. It bends at a right angle.
CLERK: Pipes don't bend. All pipes are straight.
HANK: All pipes can't be straight! If they were, your department store wouldn't be selling those U pipes right behind your shoulder!
CLERK: Those aren't pipes.

LUANNE: ...And then my professor said to me that I have the greatest potential of any Junior College student he's ever seen. And then he asked me to dinner so we could talk about it some more! And drinks!
PEGGY: Dinner? And drinks? Luanne... honey, I'm so proud of you!

PEGGY: What are you smiling about?
HANK: Oh, well, I met a guy.
PEGGY: Uh-huh.
HANK: Yeah, at the Mega Lo Mart. We have the same truck, same year, same color. Smart guy, too, he knew what an L pipe was for. It was nice.
PEGGY: Are you going to see him again?
HANK: Oh, I don't know. You know, just a one-time thing with a guy in a parking lot. You know, that's all.

HAL: You can just use a metal detector to trace the pipes back to your tank.
DALE: Ha! Metal detector? The detector would go off constantly due to the high level of extraterrestrial alloy in our soil, which acts as a homing beacon to the Martian capital of (gurgle) (smack) (click) (gulp) City.

BOOMHAUER: Man, this is dang ol' pathetic, man... I got better things to do... talkin' 'bout ol' Jenny-Cam, man... she should be gettin' in the shower right about now.

DALE: You said you'd be back in a minute. We waited a minute. Then we waited another.
BILL: Then after about a million minutes, I forgot why I was counting.

DALE: 10:15, Hank picks up Hal.
BILL: What?
DALE: 10:15, Hank picks up Hal.
BILL: What?
DALE: I said, "10:15, Hank picks up Hal!"

HANK: You sure you never worked in propane?
HAL: Hobby, that's all.

DALE: You're lucky you're in the army. You've got a tracking device in your teeth. They'll find you.

PEGGY: It is spa-Peggy and meatballs night!

HANK: So, uh, got any big dates?
BOOMHAUER: Man, leave me alone, man, stop talkin' with those dang ol' questions, questions, questions, you're blabbin' like my dang ol' mother, man, goin' "Boomhauer, when're you gonna get married, when're you gonna make me a grandmother," man.

DALE: An exterminator in a pet cemetary! I have many enemies here.

HANK: I'm gonna miss that crazy bastard.

DALE: We invested all that time, and effort maybe, in Hank, and he has forsaken us!
BILL: Well, everything forsakes me. Sometimes I think I should just stop putting myself out there.
DALE: We don't need Hank. We are two beta males at the top of our game!
BILL: And you didn't mention that we're lovable, and that I've got a lot of love to give.
DALE: I know!

BOBBY: How's the market been treating you, sir? I took a pretty heavy hit today. I got worries.

KAHN: They missing? Hey, Minh, two down, two to go!

HANK: You guys are something Hal'll never be: My neighbors.
HANK: Take it easy on Ladybird, Bobby... she's ninety years old in dog years. Each time she fetches, it's like seven fetches for you or me.

BOBBY: What a crime! If you are not a hungry man, Luanne, you shouldn't be taking on the Hungry Man Dinner.

BOBBY: You know, the black around your eyes looks just like a mask. I'm gonna call you "Masky." No, wait, wait, I can beat that: "Bandit."

HANK: A dog's the only animal that makes sense. And I suppose a cat might work, you know, if you're a little girl or an old lady who's sick.

HANK: Bobby, you name a pet, you name a guitar... you do not name a filthy animal. And you do not feed it our garbage. No wonder it was rooting around in the garage. It was looking for more of your handouts.
BOBBY: It's not a handout when you feed Ladybird, is it?
HANK: Ladybird is a member of this family. You've seen our Christmas cards.

DALE: No problems, Hank. I have played out this scenario a thousand times in my mind. In most of them, I have won.

DALE: I give you one little thing to do, and you screw it up.

LUANNE: ...And please make sure that Ladybird is safe and without rabies. And if rabies is part of your divine plan, then please change your plan and send us back Ladybird, rabies-free.

HANK: All right, Dale, we can do this the easy way or we can do this the hard way.
DALE: Do it the hard way.

DALE: Survival diary update: I have been drinking dewdrops found on the forest leaves, and I have been eating mushrooms and moss. Mostly mushrooms. My rabies has taken a turn for the worse. I am starting to hallucinate. When I close my eyes, I can see strange characters running around chasing colorful geometric shapes in a dark and infinite limbo. I have stopped closing my eyes. I fear I am going mad! Survival reminder: need hammer and nails. Also batteries for tape recorder. Also need new tape recorder.

BOBBY: At least Bandit never ate my lunch until after I threw it out. That's what I'd call common courtesy.

DALE: I'm going to drain all the blood from your body. Then I'm going to replace my blood with your non-rabid blood, which will both cure me and give me all your knowledge of propane and propane accessories.

HANK: Say, Bobby, I know this won't be for a while, but when Ladybird dies, how about if I let you pick our next pet?
BOBBY: Really? Okay. I'm gonna get a possum.
HANK: No. No possums.
BOBBY: An ostrich, then?
HANK: I was thinking more of a traditional pet, like another dog.
BOBBY: Okay. Can I get a poodle?
HANK: No.
HANK: Come on, Bobby, it's almost 10:00. With the Dallas traffic, we won't get to the airport until noon, and that flight leaves at 4:00, with or without us.

PEGGY: Luanne does not have a ticket. You were supposed to buy tickets for the family.
HANK: That's right. I bought tickets for all three members of the Hill family: Hank Hill, Peggy Hill, and Bobby Hill. The Hills.
PEGGY: What is the matter with you? As far as Luanne knows, you love her and you consider her a member of this family. Do not let her know that you neglected to buy her a ticket.
HANK: Well, I think she's gonna find out when we leave her here.
PEGGY: No, sir. You will buy Luanne a ticket at the airport. And it is not gonna be easy, because the day before Thanksgiving is, in my opinion, one of the busiest travel days of the year.

HANK: Any seats left to Billings?
WOMAN: Yes, sir. That'll be $719.
HANK: What!? I paid $250 for my ticket. That's the price I want.
WOMAN: Sir, you bought your ticket six months ago. You are buying Miss Platter's ticket on the day of travel.
HANK: All right, listen: Miss Platter is travelling to Montana to see her father for Thanksgiving. She hasn't seen him in years. Doesn't that mean anything to your airline?
HANK: I'm gonna write a personal check, and in the memo line, I am writing "Unfair."

DALE: Hey, do your people even celebrate Thanksgiving?
JOHN REDCORN: We did. Once.

LUANNE: Uncle Hank, a man just asked me if I wanted to join the Mile High Club. Could you get me an application?
HANK: Well, I would think they would have them on the plane, Luanne.

KAHN: Hey, Hank Hill, I saw you leave house at 10:00 a.m. We leave five hours later. You still waiting, you dumb redneck.
HANK: Okay, Happy Thanksgiving.
KAHN: Oh, yeah. You too.

LUANNE: Uncle Hank, they can't delay Thanksgiving, can they?
HANK: They just did.

PEGGY: I want to make sure my mother has all the ingredients for my Brown Betty, which I have made every year from 1976 until I die, inclusive.

BOBBY: Dad, I know you said to try, but I can't eat this. It's salad!
PEGGY: Hank, the boy needs protein or he'll pass out. Now break open that box. Thanksgiving will go on with a one-legged turkey.
HANK: One-legged turkey? I'm not even gonna dignify that with a response. Other than "Shame on you."

HANK: We're not animals. We'll wait in line like everybody else.
PEGGY: Hank, the ability to cut ahead in line is what separates us from the animals.

RECEPTIONIST: I'm sorry, Admiral. There's no smoking in the terminal building.
DALE: You're not sorry, and I'm not an Admiral.

HANK: You lied to me about the announcement. That's strike one.
PEGGY: What? Oh, don't start with that baseball...
HANK: That's strike two.
BOBBY: What happens when he gets to three?
PEGGY: He doesn't know.

PEGGY: Hank, we are fighting a war here called Thanksgiving at the airport. Now, we can either stand here and take it like the French, or we can beat the rest of these chumps to the hotel.

ANNOUNCER: Paging passenger Tom Gannoway. Please pick up the white coursesy phone.
HANK: Peggy, I think that man is Tom Gannoway.

LUANNE: That curtain over there... what's it for?
ATTENDANT: It separates first class from coach.
LUANNE: I'd like that closed.

HANK: No, no! It's not a bomb, it's a turkey! It's a smoked turkey, you idiot! Get away from there!

PEGGY: Hank Rutherford Hill, is "naive" your middle name?

HANK: Boomhauer, I'm sorry you didn't get to see your mother.
BOOMHAUER: Hey, man, you wanna talk about sorry, man, talkin' 'bout stewardess, dang ol' born-again, talkin' 'bout dang ol' cold shower.

KAHN: Four hours stuck on the tarmac. I look out window, what do I see? A frozen Gribble.
DALE: The only thing that kept me going was my will to smoke again. And the ashtrays from an Alitalia flight.

PEGGY: With those sugar packets, these pats of margarine, some leftover pizza cruss, and that propane grill, I can jerry-bake us up a Brown Betty!
HANK: Well, you do make the best Brown Betty in...
PEGGY: Yes, I do.
PEGGY: Donovan? She has been out of the game for three years, getting her Master's degree or something. Why would they pick her over me?
BOBBY: Maybe it's alphabetical.
PEGGY: No. That was struck down in Zagarello v. State of Texas.

BILL: Permission to give this flag a loving home, sir? I will raise her every morning at dawn. I will lower her every night before dusk. I will store her...
LIEUTENANT: Do you have a 90-foot pole?
BILL: I've got a 40-foot pole, sir. I'll go to Home Depot, sir.

HANK: An F in English? Bobby, you speak English!

BOBBY: Wind. No! Flag.

BOBBY: I finally picked my essay topic: "Why Bobby Hill Loves America."
HANK: I'd like to see your teacher give an F to the U.S. of A.
PEGGY: Hank, that woman could fail ice cubes to the Eskimos.

PEGGY: If you take the "U" out of "U.S.A.," what do you get? You get "S.A." An "S.A." that will explain to "U" why Bobby Hill loves America!

MRS. DONOVAN: Well, I'd love to stay and chat, but I've got to go teach a class. And you?
PEGGY: I could stay and chat.

BOBBY: I find my best ideas come to me while I am in the tub, sipping on a cup of cocoa.
PEGGY: Well, that's very interesting, because when I am stuck on a musings column, I like to find someone helpful to bounce ideas off of...
BOBBY: That's not really my style. What works for me, see, is the cocoa.
MRS. DONOVAN: That's because you're a writer, Bobby. Your mother's just a muser. It looks like the torch has been passed, and it has finally been lit.

LUANNE: Let's be honest. When was the last time you got an A?
PEGGY: May 24, 1974.

BOBBY: I find that adverbs are overrated and that adjectives are your go-to guys.

PRINCIPAL MOSS: We got a pep rally coming up, and I want you to read that essay of yours to the children.
BOBBY: All right, I'll do it... for the children.

PEGGY: You know, he has never even thanked me, not once. And would it kill him to tell people "My mom helped me with that line" or "My mom wrote that essay, I had nothing to do with it?"

PEGGY: What did they teach you in that graduate school?
MRS. DONOVAN: How to survive.

BOBBY: I guess deep down inside, part of me always knew I didn't deserve that A.

PEGGY: Those students don't need an apology, they need something to believe in. And that's what we'll give them. Boy loves his country. Mother loves her son. It's as American as apple pie. And if Donovan says boo, they'll hang her for treason.
BOBBY: Yeah! I love apple pie!
PEGGY: That flag got us into this mess, and that flag will get us out. At tomorrow's assembly, we will give those saps a good old-fashioned star-spangled snow job.

PEGGY: And remember, we are stealing this flag, we are not disgracing it.

BILL: What kind of animal would do something like this? A bear!

BOBBY: What has this school taught us about the flag? I say the Pledge of Allegiance every day, but I don't know what it means. I hear "The Star-Spangled Banner" before very football game, but by "Oh say can you see," I'm looking for the guy with the peanuts. But today, I watched a grown man cry while his flag burned. And when I saw how much it meant to him, I realized how much it should have meant to me. So tomorrow, if you're sitting near me in detention, and one of your spitballs comes anywhere near that flag, you better watch your back. Tom Landry rules!
CHAPPY: I'm not panicking. You wanna know why? Because Chappy takes care of Chappy. Want a piece of corn bread? Make it myself with no electric tools.
HANK: Must be the elbow grease that makes it taste so good, huh?
CHAPPY: That or the lard. Render it myself.
HANK: You're like a pioneer, Chappy.
CHAPPY: I live in a shack, I poop in an outhouse, I eat what I kill. Let the grid go down, Lord, I don't need it.
HANK: Uh... there isn't a Mrs. Chappy, is there, Chappy?

BOOMHAUER: Tell you what, man, talkin 'bout that ol' Y2K, man, mainframe gonna come crashin' down, that grid, man, dang ol' Apocalypse Now, man, dang ol' "The horror! The horror!"

DALE: The real problem will be obtaining fresh meat. A breeding pair of gerbils.
NANCY: Dale, honey, one of those is a hamster.
DALE: Laugh now, lady. After a month of eating cockroaches, you will be begging for gerbster.

PEGGY: I need hard copies! I could lose everything, Hank. Seven-letter Boggle words, my Peggy Hill self-abridged Thesaurus, musings, ponderings on their way to being musings... "rap music, wrapping paper?" I know I can crack that nut.

HANK: Peggy, why don't you take off that nasal strip? Maybe your snoring will drown out the sound of that dang printer.
PEGGY: Do not blame me. Blame the freakin' millennium.

CLERK: Shoot. Our computer is down. I can't ring you up.
HANK: Well, then, just write me out a receipt.
CLERK: Sir, the computer is down. I can't sell you a computer, I can't check our inventory, I can't lock the front door. It's impossible to figure out the sales tax.
HANK: It's eight percent.
CLERK: Yes. And "eight" is a key on the computer.

DALE: My Dew!!! How could you do this to me, Puff-Puff?

DALE: Hank, I have dedicated my life to getting ahead of others in times of crisis. This is my time.
HANK: Fine. It's your time. So what do we do?
DALE: I have no idea.

CHAPPY: All right, you're gonna need your own wheat grinder. I'll teach you how to grow your own mung beans in old paper towels. I live in a shack and I poop in an outhouse.
DALE: That's it!? This is your go-to guy!? An outhouse and monkey beans? I couldn't take on the freaking bicentennial with an outhouse and monkey beans, let alone the millennium!
CHAPPY: Is that a dig?
DALE: You listen to me, Clem Kadiddlehopper, and you listen good. 1.2 trillion lines of lethal software code...
HANK: Yeah, and 30 billion embedded microchips...
DALE: All going down! Utilities will fail! Nuclear weapons will launch themselves!

CHAPPY: Please, my wife is in a wheelchair. All she wants for Christmas is a big fat dog with lots of meat on his haunches.
DALE: I'll take all nine of those little dogs on top. Wrap them up.

LUANNE: Bobby, I got you a Discman, and, Uncle Hank, I got you a pair of Timberland boots. And I got toilet paper and a laundry mangle.

TOM LANDRY MOLE: Hello, Hank.
HANK-A-MOLE: Coach Landry, you've got to get off that platform. It's a peg-and-gear. In a couple of seconds, it's gonna push you off that hole.
TOM LANDRY MOLE: I know.
HANK-A-MOLE: But aren't you scared? You're gonna get whacked.
TOM LANDRY MOLE: Not every time, Hank. The times you don't, it's pretty sweet. Sunshine, fresh air, a little football on the TV in the arcade. Every time I go up, I see a little more. Well, my turn again.

HANK: The year 2000 happens only once in the history of man, and we're darn lucky to see it happen. Peggy, do you remember how excited you were when you rolled over the odometer in your Buick? Well, imagine if the whole world had been in that car with you.

KAHN: Hey, hillbillies, those aren't logs, you know. Yeah, they for wipie-wipie.
BOBBY: So, is it premium or have you been regular?

LUANNE: The rodeo is cruel to animals. In nature, the bull lives peacefully with the giraffe.
PEGGY: It is brutal. My uncle was a cowboy in the rodeo... he had to leave Vietnam because he was having rodeo nightmares.

DALE: Untie the Queen.

BOBBY: How'd you get that belt buckle? I want a belt buckle.
MAN: I won the bull-ride in Tucson.
BOBBY: Wow. How'd she get that buckle?
MAN: That's a "Buckle Bunny." She got that by being, uh, friends with a cowboy.
BOBBY: Hey, even if I don't win, I can be a Buckle Bunny!

HANK: Son, you're going to be up against farm boys. But we've fed you like a farm boy, so go get 'em.

PEGGY: Rope him, tie him, grind him, fry him, take him home and mincemeat pie him!

ZIP: What do you want? I don't know what your mama told you, but I had a vasectomy in 1983.

BOBBY: The baby routine doesn't work. It's all talk. When the diaper explodes, we're like, "finally!" Then the doctor comes out and his bag explodes. What the heck does that mean? There's a logic to an exploding diaper gag. Kid cut a fart, fine. Why would the bag explode?
CHET: We've been doing the baby routine for twenty years.
BOBBY: Why does that not surprise me? You need to get out of your ivory tower and see what's happening on the street. Give the baby a giant bottle. He can hit you with it, he can squirt you with it. Now I'm laughing!

ZIP: If anyone asks, you're a midget.
CHET: He's too big to be a midget!
ZIP: Nobody's gonna ask.

JOSEPH: They've gotta let you be a clown. You're the funniest guy I know. Well... your dad's really funny.

BOBBY: Wow! I don't think even Kerri Strug could do that move in cowboy boots. Ohhh... Kerri Strug in cowboy boots!

HANK: I haven't heard the words "prop comic" since he picked up a rope. And it keeps him away from the video games. I caught him playing this Tomb Raider game where he was a girl!

ZIP: Cowboys. We save their butts when they get thrown, but they'll pull down your britches when you're talking to your woman.
BOBBY: You guys have women?
ZIP: Yes...
BOBBY: My best friend's a cowboy. Maybe we can start the healing. Because the cowboys and the clowns should be friends.

BOBBY: What happened? The last thing I remember is getting kicked by a horse.

KID: They say rodeo clowns smell like cow-pies, but I hear it's the other way 'round.

HANK: Your first concussion. Now, don't fall asleep, son, both because you could die and because I want to tell you how proud I am. I mean, look at you, the bruises, the dirty clothes, the smell... you're all right. Is there anything I can get you?
BOBBY: The blonde girl who lives here said I like fruit pies.
HANK: No you don't. A tough guy like you? You like sports!

ZIP: Here's your ass-pad, son.

DOOLEY: Your lunch money had a Canadian quarter.

PEGGY: It's all my fault! My uncle wasn't a cowboy, Hank, he was a dirty drunken rodeo clown!
HANK: Don't tell me! Uncle Boffo?

HANK: You're not only a clown, you're a thief. I don't know which is worse. Clown.

HANK: A circus clown is just a carny who's too stupid to flip a ride switch on and off. Now, you take a circus clown, roll him on the barn floor, kick him in the head a couple hundred times, and what have you got?
BOBBY: Your son!

DALE: I love my boy. Don't you love my boy, Hank?

BOBBY: I'd much rather have one of your belt buckles.
JOSEPH: Okay, but that doesn't make you my Buckle Bunny.
BOBBY: Oh, yes sir, it does.
BOBBY: You, sir, are getting sleepy. You will buy only brand-name cola.

BILL: Call me later if you want to talk about how much fun we had today.

BOBBY: Luanne is practically my sister. I'm not supposed to see her in that state of affairs! I just gotta get that picture out of my head.
JOSEPH: Put it in my head! Tell me everything! Was she wearing high heels?
BOBBY: She wasn't wearing anything!
JOSEPH: Oh, man! I'm gonna picture her in high heels.

JOSEPH: I can't go back home... my dad's already armed the perimiter.

LUANNE: My class was cancelled and the library was closed. I love college.

DALE: You're where? The booby hatch? Wait, the gentleman's club or the mental hospital?

DALE: C'mon, I'm not leaving without my kiss. I can wait. I can destroy you.

LUANNE: Bobby, it's perfectly natural to want to see a woman naked, but I am your cousin. Now, the first time was an accident, but if I catch you again, you are going to Hell.

BOBBY: Are you crazy? We're gonna get caught! I could go to Hell!
JOSEPH: I can't help myself! I got a monkey on my back and it wants to see Luanne naked!

DALE: Apparently this door has some kind of anti-opening device.

DALE: ...Which is why so many people are suddenly allergic to peanuts. The peanuts are emitting toxins as an evolutionary defence mechanism. They're tired of being eaten, and now they're fighting back.

BILL: It's just that in the alley, no one cares what I have to say, but here I feel heard, and accepted, and... dare I say... loved.

BOBBY: I accidentally saw Luanne naked at the river and I told Joseph and he got jealous 'cause he's in love with her and then he wanted to see her naked and I said okay but just for a little and then you caught us.
CONNIE: So you weren't peeping at me?
BOBBY: You gotta believe me, Connie, I would never peep at you. Never ever.
CONNIE: Well, I guess I shouldn't be surprised. I mean, who would want to look at me when they could look at her?
BOBBY: I would! Not through a window or anything, but in the same room together. You are my girlfriend, aren't you?
CONNIE: Yes.
BOBBY: Well, that's what boyfriends and girlfriends do. They take off their clothes and then they look at each other naked.

CONNIE: You've got a pretty body.

KAHN: You think that boy have future? That not baby fat, that permanent.

JOSEPH: First you cop a look at Luanne, then you see Connie naked? Man, when did you become such a player?
BOBBY: I didn't see Connie naked, I only saw her belly button.
JOSEPH: How was it?
BOBBY: Incredible!

DALE: Hank must never know we were in here. Our society stigmatizes the mentally ill... and rightly so; these people are nuts!

DALE: All those in favor of Boomhauer's plan, raise their hand.
DALE: I must say I'm surprised by the results. I thought I at least had my support.

KAHN: Last night I catch Bobby half-naked in Connie's room!
HANK: Bobby?
KAHN: Truth about your little boy not so pretty after all, is it, Hank Hill? He girl-crazy sex fiend!
HANK: Well, that boy is gonna get a talking-to, I tell you what. Heh, heh, heh. Whew!

DALE: How'd they find out about this?
BILL: I might have mentioned something in group.

BILL: I learned in group that I sacrifice my feelings too easily. My feelings are valid, Hank! I'm valid!

BOBBY: Dad, what are you doing here?
HANK: I was just getting the guys out of the insane asylum. What are you doing here?

KAHN: I see you! Kahn see everything!
LUANNE: Aaagh! Aunt Peggy, Mr. Kahn saw me naked!
JOSEPH: Oh, man...!
HANK: Bobby, the Blue Flame of Valour Award is the highest honor that the Texas Propane Association can bestow on a living member in peacetime. Show some respect.

LUANNE: Mr. Strickland's wife is beautiful.
HANK: That's not his wife. That's Debbie from work. A pretty girl like that should have been able to find a date.

HANK: As a young boy, I always dreamed of winning the Super Bowl. Then, as most of you know, that dream was crushed along with my ankle in the Class 2A State Football Championship. I knocked around for a while, sowed my oats, got a job at Jeans West. Long story short, one day at JW, I sold a pair of Jordache to a man who would change my life. To quote Dr. Luther King, I had another dream: to sell propane and propane accessories. The name of the man and the dealership: Strickland.

PEGGY: Congratulations, Hank, you own a barbecue restaurant. And because we live in a community property state, I own half. So, in addition, congratulations to me.

JEWEL: Pleasant mornin' to all y'all. My name is Jewel Crawford, attorney-at-law.
MR. STRICKLAND: I know all about you, you sorry sack of sackreet.
JEWEL: Sticks and stones, Buck. That's all you goin' be left with. Well, you must be the adulteress correspondent. Aren't you pretty? I see how you could make a weak man stupid.
DEBBIE: Thank you.
JEWEL: Judge Iapereau sends his best regards, and this. It tells you when you gotta leave, which is now, and where you gotta go, which is out. There. You all caught up.
MR. STRICKLAND: Got-dang it, Miz Liz! Leggo my eggos!
JEWEL: I'm sorry you had to hear that, Miz Liz. Now you drag yourself out that door before my ostrich boot puts your eggos back in the toaster!

MR. STRICKLAND: Debbie, you stay here. I need you to be my eyes and ears.
DEBBIE: I'm his eyes and ears.
MRS. STRICKLAND: Yes, but your butt belongs to me. Because from now on, I am the Strickland in Strickland Propane.

HANK: You know, Debbie's place is right next to Sugarfoot's. That's quite a coincidence.
MR. STRICKLAND: No coincidence. I like to eat, I like to hump, and I don't like to drive. So I built Sugarfoot's next to the singles complex.

MRS. STRICKLAND: I can forgive my husband's benders, and the profanity, and his inappropriate comfort with all aspects of the human body. But it's the women, Hank. My purse of forgiveness is finally empty.
HANK: Please don't make me choose sides. Mr. Strickland's been very good to me, and I've worked for him as long as he's been cheating on you.

PEGGY: When people walk into Sugarfoot's, what's their first thought?
ELVIN: "I'm hungry?"
PEGGY: Uh-uh. It's "Why isn't this place good enough to be a chain?"

JOE JACK: coughboy toy!cough
HANK: "Boy toy?" I don't even know what that means!
JOE JACK: It means you're Miz Liz's Debbie.

DEBBIE: I'm tired of wiping tanks all day to support this home while you sit there like a king, watching All My Children with Gail.
MR. STRICKLAND: I am not a history buff, but I don't remember Louis the Fourteenth spendin' his days cleanin' hippie-hair out of drains!

BILL: You could call the Equal Employment Commission.
DALE: Or you could just put out.
BILL: Six of one.

HANK: No, I'm sorry, but at this point in time I'm going to have to reject your advances.
DEBBIE: This ain't over! Nobody rejects Debbie Grund!
HANK: Well, I just did.

HANK: Sir, we go back fifteen years, and in all that time I have only had one mistress, and her name is propane. Peggy and I have an understanding about that.

MR. STRICKLAND: I had it all, Hank. I had a good wife to mother me, I had a pretty young girlfriend. I was living like a Frenchman. But I blew it. I lost my wife, I lost my money. And now I want my wife and my money back!

HANK: Oh, God, I just had phone sex!
HANK: Oh, no, my eyes are going bloodshot! I'm going on a trip! I look like I'm doped out of my gourd!

SHERIFF MUMFORD: Oh, who in the hell called in the Texas Rangers?
RANGER PAYTON: A Mrs. Peggy Hill, restauranteur.
PEGGY: I love your show! I love that Walker!

HANK: I'm talking to myself. That's a side effect of the marijuana poisoning.

HANK: You don't think the police will want to run a drug test on Debbie's co-workers, do you?
DALE: Now that you mention it, I am positive they will. They'll drug-test everyone in Arlen. The price for a bag of clean urine will double.
BILL: What do you think will happen to the price of poo-poo?
DALE: Unchanged.

SHERIFF MUMFORD: I spent the day gathering evidence at the Casa Linda singles complex, and I thought you might want to know that you are now a suspect...
HANK: Oh, no!
SHERIFF MUMFORD:... in the murder of Debbie Grund.
HANK: Oh, that.

HANK: So someone could take dope, black out in a field, and kill a co-worker?
COUNSELOR: Co-worker, cabdriver, prostitute. Doesn't matter who.

HANK: I want you to promise me you will never, ever do drugs, Bobby.
BOBBY: I promise.
HANK: A promise means nothing when a junkie tricks you into smoking a joint which you think is a cigarette, which you shouldn't smoke either. Now promise me! Promise me, Bobby!
BOBBY: Okay, okay, I promise.
HANK: Promises mean nothing.
BOBBY: Look, Dad, I'm never gonna use drugs, because drugs are for losers, and I'd never want to disappoint you. Plus I want to be the first chubby comic to live past thirty-five.

KAHN: Hey, Charlie Manson! Could you autograph this Sugarfoot's napkin I pull out of dumpster? If you murderer, I auction it on Ebay for big bucks!

SHERIFF MUMFORD: Leaving the get in/get out so soon, Payton? I'm sure there's some candy bars you haven't questioned yet. Why don't you take them Three Musketeers into separate rooms, maybe one of 'em'll crack.
RANGER PAYTON: That's a good one, Sheriff. How'd Hee Haw ever let you get away?

SHERIFF MUMFORD: Debbie's roommate has an interesting alibi for the night of the murder. Says he was with you, sparking up a J.
PEGGY: In English, please?
SHERIFF MUMFORD: Lighting up a J.
PEGGY: He said that? Well, now you have a second crime to investigate, Sheriff: the attempted assassination of my husband's character.
BOBBY: How dare you? My dad would never use drugs. I said good day, Sheriff!

PEGGY: Come on, show Peggy's Sugarfoot's in the background... show Peggy's Sugarfoot's in the background... show Peggy's Sugarfoot's in the background... YES!!!

HANK: Gayle did not kill Debbie. And I know that because at the time of the murder, he was with me. We were in Debbie's apartment, and like he said, we were smoking pot.
PEGGY: Who are you, Hank Hill!?

MR. STRICKLAND: Sorry about that whole frame-up there, Old Top, but I was under a lot of stress.
HANK: Uh... yeah, okay. I guess if my mistress had been murdered and my wife was a suspect... uh... yeah.

BOBBY: You know, if I did something like this, you'd punish me. Maybe I should punish you.
HANK: Okay, son. What's my punishment? Am I grounded?
BOBBY: That's too easy. You cannot mow the lawn for one week.
HANK: Aw, come on, son. It was an accident.
BOBBY: You want to go for two?
HANK: I know you miss running that restaurant...
PEGGY: It's not the restaurant, Hank, it's the people. Managing people. Telling them what to do and then watching as they do it.

PEGGY: "MetaLife." What is that?
LANEY: Products for living.
PEGGY: M-hm, okay, those are useful.

LANEY: Peggy, if you want to be your own boss, come and work for me.

HANK: Sounds to me like one of those pyramid schemes.
PEGGY: No, not at all. As the brochure describes it, it is not a pyramid, it is a triangle. And it is not a scheme, Hank, it is an opportunity. Good question, though.

BOBBY: This doesn't taste like raspberry truffle.
PEGGY: Well, then, honey, you're eating it wrong. Put it down.

DALE: Well, it's probably about time I apologized for my misguided Y2K hysteria. Who would have guessed the whole thing would go off without a hitch? Really brought the country together. Yep, best thing that could ever happen, Y2K.... 

HANK: I can't sell at the office. It's a propane place. I need to keep that pure.

BILL: Peggy! If I knew you were coming, I would have put on pants.

PEGGY: Oh, Hank, my very first business trip! I am finally getting the recognition that I have always given myself.
HANK: Isn't this Bill's trip? Didn't he win it? Aren't you just his guest?
PEGGY: Hank, you're fired.

BILL: I will have you know, young lady, you are talking to the sort of woman who would never ever share a room with the sort of man who is talking to you now.
HOTEL RECEPTIONIST: Look, this is San Antonio. You can't just waltz in and expect there to be rooms.

HANK: So, Luanne, you still going to community college?
LUANNE: M-hm.
HANK: Hm. 'Course, I'm still in the propane business. That's where I was today.

HANK: When's this movie over? I want to watch the news.
LUANNE: The news? You watched the news yesterday!

PEGGY: This is the double diamond pin that you won. I think you deserve it even more than I do.

LANEY: You can't return product. That's just not how the system works.
PEGGY: Oh, come on. I think the triangle can handle it.
LANEY: It's not a triangle, it's a damn pyramid! Now you do whatever it takes to get Dauterive back in the fold, or Marty Van Holde is going to come down on us like the hammer of the gods!

PEGGY: Everything was going great, but then when I tried to motivate him... that's a management term... with a little praise... my term... he goes plumb loco!... Spanish term.
HANK: You must have confused him. Being dumped on is all Bill knows. First there was that childhood of his, and then he joined the army, and then married that back-breaker Lenore.

PEGGY: Bill has had a hard life, and he likes it that way. He likes to be treated badly.
LUANNE: It's called psychology, Aunt Peggy. The disease of psychology. I'm taking it pass/fail.

BOBBY: Come on, there's plenty to work with. It's Bill Dauterive. I mean, he's bald, but he has dandruff. What's that all about?
LUANNE: And don't forget his odor!
BOBBY: He's afraid of thunder!

PEGGY: One chance. My garage, tomorrow morning, 7:00.
BILL: It's a little early.
PEGGY: You just bought yourself 6:45, mister.
BILL: I guess I could skip my shower.
PEGGY: 7:00 it is.

PEGGY: Yes, Bill, I am your friend. Although I haven't always been a good one, taking advantage of your low self-esteem to boost my already healthy esteem. And for that I apologize.
BILL: Peggy, you don't have to apologize to me. I'm not...
PEGGY: Uh-uh. The next words out of your mouth better be "apology accepted."
BILL: Apology accepted.
HANK: Boy, look at Pops go. Eighty years old and he still has the reaction time to miss those sprinkler heads.
BILL: Tony Curtis is eighty.

BILL: You know how I want to go? Right here in the alley with you guys. It'll probably be my heart, the way things are going.

LUANNE: Do you mind if I just take a quick shower first? I smell like waitressing.
BOBBY: I'm sorry, my bath is already drawn.

HANK: The way I see it, you are in direct violation of four of our rules.
LUANNE: You had it notarized?
HANK: No water usage after ten p.m. Nine o'clock curfew on school nights. Entering the master bedroom without verbal permission. And you're barefoot in the kitchen! Ladybird eats off that floor!
LUANNE: God only has ten rules, Uncle Hank, and His house is much bigger.

HANK: Dale, for the last time, I can't turn in this rental application without your social security number.
DALE: Fine: 5-5-5-5-5.
HANK: That's not even enough numbers.
DALE: 5. 5.

HANK: Well, hey there, Mr. Kahn, them's some fancy blue jeans y'all's lady friend's wearin'.
BILL: They must be city folk. I just whupped up a new batch of possum stew I'd be willin' to share with you... don't worry, I took off the feet.
BUYER: What did he just say?
MINH: All great chefs doing that now! Wolfgang Puck cut the feet off everything!

DALE: Young lady, you better march right back into Hank's den. That's your home and that will always be your home. Right, Hank?
HANK: Luanne, welcome to your new home.

BILL: My first choice was the Marines, but I couldn't do enough sit-ups to be a Marine Corps barber. Semper Fi!

HANK: The audacity!

LUANNE: Listen, when I signed up for phone service, I signed a document that said I would pay on time. I swore it! On my mother's maiden name!
GRIFFIN: You're kind of being a house Nazi right now, Luanne.
LUANNE: Hello, I thought we agreed no smoking in the house.
TANYA: You know who else had anti-smoking laws? Who was it... oh, yeah... Hitler!
GRIFFIN: coughNazi!cough

BOBBY: Luanne, what's up, girlfriend? I have not seen you in the longest!

PEGGY: There is nothing funny about starvation. Except for Comic Relief, of course.

BOBBY: Guys can shave their legs too? That's very interesting.
HANK: Peggy!
PEGGY: Bobby!
BOBBY: Sorry, Dad.

LUANNE: We have rules in this house, people! We all agreed to them! I'm counting at least twelve violations. Oh, my God! I have become... you! I hate myself!

HANK: You see, Luanne, a lot of good things happened in the world when people were like me. Sure, they'll never write a Hollywood musical about a fella who keeps his yard free of debris and pays his bills on time, and the MTV won't put on a video about a man who requires shoes in the kitchen, but it's because of people like us...
LUANNE: But I'm not like you! This is just too much for me! Oh, and all the bills, and they mooch my food, and they're always on the phone, and I can't take it any more! I can't stand one more day! They're wearing my socks, Uncle Hank! Oh, God, I need a paper bag!
HANK: Take it easy. You didn't see me getting all huffy every time you made me mad.
LUANNE: I made you mad?
HANK: Sure! And you were three times the pain in the butt these kids are.

DALE: It is I, Dale Gribble, man of a thousand faces. You just met face two: the deaf electrician. I couldn't help but overhear your uncle's bad advice. The only thing your roommates, i.e. enemy, understand is psychological warfare, i.e. dirty tricks. It worked for Dick Nixon. For example, get some goat's blood, then taint that blood. Then when your roommates need blood, give them the tainted goat's blood. It's a perfect plan.
LUANNE: I don't want to hurt anybody, I just want them to do the dishes.
DALE: Oh, well, in that case, put the dishes in the shower. That's how Nancy gets me to do them.

HANK: Yep.
LUANNE: Yep.

GRIFFIN: Hey, get your hands off me, you Nazi!
COTTON: Who are you callin' a Nazzy????
HANK: The New York Times Magazine? Published by the New York Times Newspaper? Oh, Bobby!
BOBBY: I wasn't reading the articles!

HANK: Those are propane accessories and you will treat them with respect!

DALE: Excuse me, I am here to buy a Wagner Char-King Imperiale as advertised. My satisfaction depends on it.
HANK: Dale, go home.
DALE: Bait and switch! Bait and switch!
DALE & CUSTOMERS: Bait and switch! Bait and switch!
HANK: No, no, there's no switch! It's bait and bait! Bait and bait!

BOBBY: I am the Great Gas-Head!
JOE JACK: He's the Great Gas-Head.
BOBBY: I'm the Great Gas-Head, and I'm here to say
Grills are comin' and they're on their way...
PEGGY: Oh, dear Lord, do not make fun of propane, Bobby! Do not make fun of propane!
BOBBY: A whole truckload, and that's not a few,
Twenty to forty thousand B-T-U!

PEGGY: You will be called the "Propane Maniacs!"
BOBBY: No, no... the "Propaniacs!"
HANK: That's great, Bobby! Here's to the Propaniacs!
HANK, BOBBY, LUANNE, BUCK & JOE JACK: The Propaniacs!
PEGGY: Propane Maniacs!

BOBBY: You know, it's weird, Dad, but I don't even totally understand what propane is.
HANK: Well, no one will ever totally understand Sweet Lady Propane.

HANK: Sorry, Dale, you've got to work at Strickland to be in the group. Except for Luanne, she's in or Buck won't pay for T-shirts.

BOBBY, LUANNE, JOE JACK & DONNA:
The Propaniacs, Propaniacs on the floor!
And we'll make you laugh and make you laugh some more!
We're the Propaniacs...
DALE:... aniacs...
BOBBY, LUANNE, JOE JACK & DONNA: For sure!
If you're sad, we've got the gas that is the cure!
Propaniacs! Yeah!

JOE JACK: I need a new diaper. Baby did a bad bad thing.
PEGGY: That is a fart joke, Hank.

HANK: Wait a minute, where's Joe Jack?
LUANNE: He was drinkin' from his mini-canteen out in the parking lot, and then he was smashin' car windows. I wasn't gonna say nothin'.

HANK: I'm sorry, Sir. I had no idea you wore... uh... You know.
CHARLIE FORTNER: Say it, Hank. I want to hear it come from your mouth.
HANK: Diapers.
CHARLIE FORTNER: You only have to say it. I have to wear them and buy them.

CHARLIE FORTNER: Tell you what, you just keep doing your little propane comedy show, you just have fun with it, and I will see that you never work in this business again. You'll be back hawking dungarees at Jeans West before you can say "Oo-la-la Sassoon!"

HANK: Yep, those were some good times. Bobby'd tell me something about comedy, and then I'd teach him a little bit about propane. You know that bit where he'd say "Propane is 270 times more compact in its liquid form than as a gas?" I gave him that line. But he sure knew how to deliver it.

HANK: There are sixty million people who use propane in this nation, Peggy.
PEGGY: Well, I find that hard to believe. I think you mean six million.
HANK: Want me to get the book?
PEGGY: Yes, I do.

DALE: Gas cop, gas cop, whatcha gonna do,
Whatcha gonna do when he comes for you?

JOE JACK: You have the right to remain efficient.
BOBBY: I know. If I give up the right to remain efficient, anything I grill unevenly may be used against me in a food court of law.
KAHN: Okay, this very simple. You all come to my big Pimai party, get out of your stinking pigpens for a night, see what it's like to live in a Pottery Barn catalogue.

HANK: So Kahn's party is for real. I'm gonna R.S.V.P. I'm not going.
DALE: Nope.
BOOMHAUER: Nuh-uh.
BILL: Je reponds non, absolument non!

BOBBY: Your dad's days of hating me are coming to a close. Who can hate a kid who can Charleston?

PEGGY: Let's practice. I'll be Kahn. A-hem: You are a dumb redneck!
HANK: That sounds more like Minh.
PEGGY: Leave my wife out of this, hillbilly!

KAHN: They are coming to our party, and Ted says they are bringing along important monks.
MINH: Buddhist monks?
KAHN: Yeah, yeah, Buddhist, whatever. Monks.

KAHN: These monks are looking for reborn spirit of some lama, name of Lama Sanglug. Lesser-known lama, but still spiritual bigshot any way you slice it.

CONNIE: What makes everyone so sure that Chane's the lama?
KAHN: He second oboe, runner-up in Westinghouse science contest, and he has terrific posture.
CONNIE: I'm first violin and the Westinghouse winner... how do you know I'm not the lama?
KAHN: Connie? A lama? Oh, that would be amazing! Finally, stuck-up jerk Ted Wasonasong have to kiss my ass!

TED: Okay, son, you the lama! You the lama!

MINH: Get out of my way, redneck! It's test time!
HANK: Hey, Peggy does do a good you.

HANK: The Buddhist monks think Bobby's a holy man. Now that's just sad.
PEGGY: Hank, listen to this: Richard Gere is a Buddhist.
HANK: And it just keeps getting sadder.

HANK: No way. No got-dang way!

REVEREND STROUP: Bobby, do ya love Jesus?
BOBBY: With all my heart.
HANK: Buddhist liar.

BOBBY: Let the wind take the world away. What do you hear inside, Connie?
CONNIE: I just hear my dad's ignorance and my mom's empty-headed materialism. No, wait, I hear my dad's empty-headed materialism too. That's the loudest.

PEGGY: "My child is on the honor roll at Westview Elementary." Oh, yeah? Well, my child is God to billions of Asians!

CHANE: I'm glad I'm not the lama. The Chane Train stops for the ladies.

BILL: So, how long you been celibate?
JUNIOR MONK: Three years.
BILL: The fourth year's the tough one.

JUNIOR MONK: There is a Buddhist saying: "As the wheel follows the ox that draws the cart, the wind cannot overturn a mountain."
HANK: You're talking like a song from The Lion King. Stop it. It makes no sense.
JUNIOR MONK: Or does it make perfect sense?
HANK: What the...? See, that's the type of... I'm gonna kick your ass.
JUNIOR MONK: If my ass is going to be kicked, then it will be kicked.

KAHN: There, there, Kahn Jr. We know how you must feel, but really, you just dodged a chubby white bullet.

HANK: Lord? Hank Hill here, Methodist. Sorry about missing the homeless prayer service. Now, about Bobby, I'm pretty sure we're on the same page about this lama thing. I was kind of hoping you could have him fail this test tomorrow, you know, like you've had him fail so many tests in the past. Oh, and the starving kids. Gotta go, amen.

BOBBY: I can pick anything I see on this rug?
HEAD MONK: Yes.
BOBBY: I pick Connie, right there, in the mirror.

MONK # 1: But that was Sanglug's mirror.
HEAD MONK: I know, but he didn't pick it.
MONK # 1: But he used it.
HEAD MONK: Tough call. But it's mine, and I made it.
JACK: So what'll it be? The Roger Staubach or the Rookie Roger Staubach?

BILL: Hey, Hank, what'd you do to your hair?
HANK: Oh, it's a nightmare, isn't it?
BILL: Oh my, yes. He feathered in the back where he usually tapers. I find it unsubtle, but it's a way to go. Used to see it more: Claude Akins, Ross Martin, Robert Stack, James McArthur on the third season of 5-0...

HANK: I think you cut my ear.
COTTON: I think you cry more than the guy I killed out from under that helmet!

JACK: I'm going out of business. I can't deal with the jackasses any more. You were one of the good ones, Hank. But your son's a jackass.

BILL: Hank, I never cut civilian hair, but I've been looking at your head a long time.
HANK: Don't do this, Bill. Believe me, it's not easy being my barber.
BILL: I know that! You've got those big thick neck muscles that knot up when you're tense, leaving that deep, deep valley, and then the northern ridge runs almost transverse to the crown. Worry about those too much and you hit that scar over your left ear. Seems like there's a story there, but you never shared it with me, but that's okay, 'cause you might think I'm a gossip, and I probably am, but how the hell would you know if I'm not a good barber?
PEGGY: He's the same way with me.
BILL: You're an amateur, Peggy!

LIEUTENANT: I wish this bill were a mistake, Mr. Hill, but that is how much it costs the Army to give someone a haircut. We spend $80,000 for each military-grade barber chair. The French make a barber chair that costs $110,000. It's a damn good chair, but I'm not gonna spend $110,000 for a barber chair.
HANK: Wasting all that money is like buying a haircut for Saddam Hussein. And I hate Saddam Hussein! I like his haircut, but that's it.
LIEUTENANT: Look, I know the chair's too much at $80,000, but then they give us a B-2 bomber for 1.3 billion. That's where we make it up. Well, you try getting a B-2 bomber for 1.3 billion. You can't do it.

DALE: Even Bill Clinton only spends $300 on his haircuts, and for that he gets the haircut plus a high-colonic administered by Barbra Streisand.
BILL: Well, I guess I should have offered.

BILL: Hank, you can't fight the Army without declaring war.
DALE: Maybe if you had the Marines on your side.
BILL: M-hm, they're better than us.

HANK: "Representative Jim Powell thinks your problem and flag-burning are among the biggest problems facing America today. That's why Jim Powell has introduced House Resolution number 11461. It would ban flag-burning in all..." Aw, he never even read it. I'd go see him in person, but no self-respecting bus company would let me on with hair like this.

HANK: Oh, God, I need a hair net!

BILL: I hear they're wearing it short in Guantanamo this summer. It's the Ricky Martin influence.

CAPTAIN: This base is disbanding the barber unit. They think we're inefficient. A petition to reinstate has been filed, but that could take twenty years.

DALE: You eliminated Bill! Bill-iminator!
HANK: What??
DALE: The army eliminated the Sergeant barbers. Now Bill has no purpose in the army either!

HANK: I'm out of the Strickland Propane Christmas card.
PEGGY: Because of your hair? But Christmas is eight months away!
HANK: Well, Mr. Strickland wants an elf in the picture, and the Arlen midget spends his winters in Florida.

CAPTAIN: Okay, who here knows how to cut hair?
GAY SOLDIER: Don't answer! It's a trick!

CAPTAIN: Dauterive, your records have been doctored to show you as a master electrician with a security clearance for pinball repair. But your actual mission is to stand at this privately-donated chair... which does not exist, do you understand me?... and do the only thing you're good at.
BILL: But sir, what if somebody sees?
CAPTAIN: Don't ask, don't tell. That policy's gotta work for something.
PEGGY: I'm really not much of a bowler.
DALE: This shirt would beg to differ. Look at yours, Hank: "Flamer," for the propane man. I guess I could have gone with "Propane Man."
HANK: No, "Flamer" is cooler.
NANCY: Look at yours, sug, it says "Spare Peg."
DALE: I started with "square peg," and then put a twist on it. And then Nancy told me "spare" is a bowling term, so it works on both levels.

LITTLE PEGGY: But Mommy, I want my Mary Janes!
PEGGY'S MOM: Oh, Peggy, it's not my fault your feet are growing and you're not.

PEGGY: I'm looking for something in a size 16 bowling shoe that says "8" on the back.
CLERK: No, I think you're looking for a size 16 and a half that says "8" on the back.
PEGGY: 16 and a half? No, no, no! I have been a size 16 since I was just a little girl.
CLERK: Oh, it's actually quite common for a woman's feet to keep growing as she gets older.
PEGGY: They're getting bigger? Oh, God!
CLERK: Yep, at this rate I'd say you've got a shot at the big 2-0.

WOMAN: Oh, it's okay, it really is.
PEGGY: Oh, please, spare me your psycho-babble!

PEGGY: I was discovered in a parking lot, just like Lana Turner. And now I am going to star in an educational video, which Lana Turner was never asked to do.
HANK: That's great! I'll get to see my wife in a movie!
PEGGY: Well, it's not really me in the film, it's mainly my feet.
HANK: Well, everyone has to start somewhere. What's it about?
PEGGY: It is an empowerment video for people in the foot community. The director, who is a genius, filmed me getting a foot massage, soaking my feet in butter, stimulating my soles with a ping-pong paddle... Hank, he may even distribute it on the Internet!

DALE: Welcome to peggysfeet.com.
HANK: Wait a minute, is that a pornographic website?
BILL: It's not a pornographic website, it's a fetish website.

BILL: Mm, Peggy's been a bad bad girl.

PEGGY: You may not have noticed it, because I wear bold eyeglasses to draw the attention to my head, but your mother has exceptionally long and handsome feet. And until now, I had been tricked by the media into thinking that they were unattractive.
BOBBY: Who? Who in the media tricked you?
PEGGY: Bobby, I don't know their names. It's more of a conspiracy

HANK: You, sir, are nothing but a low-rent smut hound, and you will delete my wife's feet from your Internet before she finds out what you've done with them!
TRIMBLE: What I've done with them? I've made them stars!
HANK: You made them wade through pork and beans!
TRIMBLE: This isn't about individual artistic decisions, it's about something bigger than you, me or any of us. It's about a world wired together, a future where at the click of a mouse, a dream can start in Arlen and end on a computer in Johannesburg. The generations join united under the banner of a single ideal: women's big beautiful feet! It's about an end to strife and misunderstanding. One world, one dream, one piece!

PEGGY: Bobby, some men like ladies' bottoms, and some men like ladies' bosoms, and a small, small number... too few... love ladies' big feet. Now, Mommy is trying to increase that number, and thus help women everywhere.
BOBBY: How does this help the women with the big boobies?
PEGGY: They don't need any more help.

TRIMBLE: Look, I've been around this business long enough to know what works. No one wants pretty. They want spinach, eggs, and corned-beef hash. For some reason they don't like them together. Go figure.

TRIMBLE: Let's be honest, Peggy, you know your feet are ugly. That's what a certain type of very self-hating individual will pay top dollar to see. Now let's fire up those stompers and make some dirty.

HANK: I know I'll never love your feet as much as they do, but the way I look at it, you're like a fully loaded truck. The big tires are part of the package. You pay extra to get those really big tires. Now, why are you crying? You know how much I want a new truck.

PEGGY: I actually let myself believe that these were beautiful. Can you imagine? Peggy Hill, that's stupid.
BOBBY: I can imagine, Mom. I'm fat.
PEGGY: Oh, no, honey, you're husky! It says so on your jeans.
BOBBY: Mom, I'm fat. But big deal. I don't feel bad about it, and you never made me feel bad about it. And just because there are people out there who want me to feel bad about it doesn't mean I have to. So Bobby Hill's fat. He's also funny, he's nice, he's got a lot of friends, a girlfriend. And if you don't mind, I think I'll go outside right now and squirt her with water. What are you going to do?

PEGGY: My name is Peggy Hill, and I will take a size sixteen and a half!
BOWLING ALLEY EMPLOYEE: We don't need your name, we just need your shoe size.
DALE: Sorry to interrupt your healing session... hey, John Redcorn... but Hank and Peggy invited us to dinner Saturday night.
NANCY: But Saturday is one of my John Redcorn nights. Sorry, sug.
JOHN REDCORN: But Nancy, maybe you should go.
NANCY: What?? No! I have an appointment with you... for my migranes.
JOHN REDCORN: I know, it's just that I've healed you three to five nights a week for many years. I could really use a night off.
NANCY: I don't understand. Did I do something to upset you... as a patient?
JOHN REDCORN: No, of course not. I love... treating you... for migranes.

PEGGY: They're not even a real couple. Did you know she only sleeps with him for his birthday and Christmas? That's why she gets so depressed around the holidays.

DALE: Boy, her can looks so sexy when she's walking away, it's almost a shame she's gonna turn around and come back.

DALE: Boy, you smell good.
NANCY: Thank you. I like your tie.
DALE: Found it on the ground.

DALE: Ooh, I'd forgotten how comfortable your mattress is. What is it? Sealey? Simmons? Serta? Springair? Sterns and Foster?

NANCY: I slept with Dale!
PEGGY: Oh my God, we forgot his birthday?
NANCY: What if John Redcorn found out? Fourteen years we've been together and I throw it all away for one night of reckless passion.
PEGGY: Nancy, you know my position on monogamy. I am in favor of it. This is your chance to give up the excitement of an affair and have a normal life with your husband.
NANCY: I'm sorry, sug. Maybe monogamy works for you and Hank, but it does not work for me and Dale and John Redcorn.

DALE: Wait a minute. Every time I leave, you call John Redcorn. I know what's going on here. Your headaches are a desperate bid for my attention. But what do I do? I pawn you off on some Indian healer so I can have my Dale time at the gun club, or breeding show turtles, or on the Internet investigating unexplained phenomenona. God, I am so selfish!
NANCY: Stop blaming yourself, sug. In some ways, this is my fault too.
DALE: I don't deserve you.
NANCY: Of course you do. You are a sensitive, trusting, sweet, trusting man, and I don't deserve you.
DALE: Are you sure you're not an alien? 'Cause you just abducted my heart.

BILL: I thought you were withholding intimacy to preserve your life force.
DALE: I was. But then Hank had to go draggin' me and the old lady to some Italian romanceria. Next thing you know we're on our second honeymoon, except there's no cruise ship and I only vomited once.

NANCY: I have to cancel tonight's session. I have a headache.
JOHN REDCORN: So? Take an aspirin.

PEGGY: Nancy, I am so glad you finally took my advice and decided to love Dale.
NANCY: And you know what? I don't even mind doing the right thing when it's this much fun.

DALE: Damn my cat-like reflexes! Sh-sh-sh-sha!
NANCY: Stop with the "sh-sh-sh-sha," sug!

HANK: Dale thought we wanted to swing.
PEGGY: Swing? Absolutely not! You get Nancy and I end up with Dale? Who's the clear winner there? Dale!

JOHN REDCORN: You know, over half of Arlen used to belong to my people.
DALE: You come from money?

DALE: Enacted in 1966, the Freedom of Information Act... or FOIA... gives any citizen the right to request access to federal agency records or information. It's what I used when I took on the IRS for disallowing my status as a tax-exempt church.
JOHN REDCORN: Would you mind...?
DALE: Bringing down the federal government? Not at all.

DALE: On behalf of the white man, I would like to formally apologize for everything my people have done to your people.
JOHN REDCORN: And I would like to apologize for everything I've done to you. And your people.

PEGGY: Nancy, going back to having Dale and John Redcorn is not the answer. There's an expression I once heard, it goes something like "Two's company, three's a crowd."
NANCY: Well, I've heard another expression: "The heart wants what it wants."... Woody Allen.
PEGGY: Oh, Nancy, wait! He married his daughter!

NANCY: I made a mistake. I had it all, and I threw half of it away. All I want is it all again.

DALE: Fifteen years of patient-healer relations, and I shatter it like so much lamp on scalp. I can't fix that lamp... I tried, and I got a really bad shock... but maybe I can put you two back together.
NANCY: You came here for me?
DALE: For both of you. What do you say, John Redcorn? Will you heal my wife? Please?
JOHN REDCORN: No. I'm sorry, but no.
DALE: You bastard! After all the help I've given you!
JOHN REDCORN: Dale, you've become a true friend. Which is why it would be... unprofessional of me to go on seeing your wife.
NANCY: I understand.
DALE: Wait, I guess I could treat you. I mean, I'm not a licensed New Age healer, but I think I've walked in on you guys often enough to know what goes on in there.

DALE: I was getting a weird vibe in there. Do you think he's gay?
HANK: Stage 1 water rationing wasn't too bad... I just cut out Peggy's Crystal Light. When we hit stage 2, I took away Bobby's bath. But stage 3 is killing my lawn. And that affects everyone.

BOBBY: I've got a girlfriend now. She expects me to smell a certain way.
HANK: Then suck it up and take a shower.
BOBBY: I don't like to stand that long.

HANK: So, Peggy, I'm just curious... how many flushes was that?
PEGGY: A lady does not discuss such matters.
BOBBY: It was six. I'm averaging four myself, but I'm just a kid.

HANK: I'm going to call the water company, see about getting the high-flows back.
PEGGY: Uh-uh, I already called. They take the old toilets, they smash them up, then they dump them in the Gulf of Mehico to create an artificial coral reef.

HANK: The Board of Zoning and Resources did this? I love their setback requirements.

BILL: They say power is the ultimate aphrodesiac. Hank, can you introduce me to Madeline Albright?

HANK: 1.6 gallons per flush per low-flow toilet. Sounds pretty good, doesn't it? But unfortunately, in the real world, where things don't flush the way they do in the movies, it can take three, four, or in the case of my wife Peggy Hill, six flushes to get completely remove solid waste. The fact is, these toilets are squandering more water than they are saving. Thank you.

NATE: You're quite the boy scout, aren't you?
HANK: Made it to eagle scout.

HANK: Sweet Saint Augustine!

PEGGY: I'm sorry I'm late. I stopped to powder my nose... it took eight flushes.

NATE: Have it your way, you do-gooding phonies! I hope you all rot in hell! See you next Tuesday.

PEGGY: From now on, no one will flush a toilet in this town without thanking Hank Hill.
HANK: Yeah. Well, it's still worth it.
PEGGY: I sent song lyrics to every major country music star, and I finally got this from Mr. Randy Travis!
HANK: Randy Travis?
PEGGY: Okay: "Dear songwriter, we regret to inform you, blah blah blah, legal reasons, blah blah, never read it, blah blah blah..." okay: "Once again, good luck with your songwriting career. Signed Rob Reeders of the firm Reeders and Anatole."
HANK: Kinda sounds to me like Randy Travis's lawyer sent you a rejection letter.
PEGGY: Oh, Hank, they have to say that. Travis loved my lyrics! He called me a songwriter, he said I have a career in front of me, and you know what? He is right.

CONNIE: I got you this phone card at the mall. It's good for ten minutes and has Tony Danza's picture on it.
BOBBY: Connie, my girl, Buddha broke the mold when he made you.

PEGGY: Good morning, Fan Fair-ers and Fan Fair-ies! I will be calling out various highlights of our fourteen-hour trip to Nashville. First up is the world's largest fiberglass raven, which is also the largest raven I have ever seen.

PEGGY: I hope you brought your appetites, because I made spa-Peggy and meatballs!
ASSISTANT PASTOR LARRY: Did she say "spa-Peggy?"
HANK: Well, "spa-Peggy" is kind of like spaghetti. I'm not sure what Peggy does different, if anything. But it's the one dish she's kind of made her own.

KIX BROOKS: Well, hey there, cowboy. Now, who's this pretty gal? Your wife?
LUANNE: We're not married... we're just sharing a tent, and we're cousins.

RONNIE DUNN: So every time you call, Mr. Super-phone tells you Connie's out with this Chane fella?
BOBBY: He said for the first time in her life, Connie is actually happy.
KIX BROOKS: Sounds to me like her daddy is using his Chane to yank your chain.
RONNIE DUNN: Kix is right. Heck, I got a teenage daughter at home, and every time her boyfriend calls, I say she's out with Brad Pitt.
LUANNE: Ooh, I love Brad Pitt! Your daughter is so lucky!

RANDY TRAVIS: If I had a dime for every song a fan sent me, I'd be Dolly Parton rich.

RANDY TRAVIS: Propane salesman, hm? Now, that's something that would make a good song.
HANK: I have been saying that for years!

LUANNE: Bobby, I put out two of your mom's apple brown bettys. Now, I'm no mathemagician, but there's only one here now... did you eat the other one?
BOBBY: I can see how you might jump to that conclusion, given last night's cupcake incident.

HANK: You've got a pretty high opinion of yourself...
PEGGY: Oh, and I should have a low opinion of myself?
HANK: No, it's just that you've done so much in your life, you don't need to take credit for things you haven't done, like writing that song, and, you know, the other stuff.

HANK: When we were setting up camp, you said that in your opinion, kindling is the best wood to start a fire.
PEGGY: Well, isn't it, Hank?
HANK: Of course it is, but it's not your opinion, it's a known fact!

DALE: We ought to wrap the trailer in toilet paper. I think I have some left over from the Billy Ray Cyrus job.

PEGGY: Remember, not one word. As I like to say, "what's done is done."

HANK: I said some awful things to her, Pastor Larry. I told her she's not as great as she thinks she is.

PEGGY: Hank does not want me anywhere near the Final Jam concert. He said he was afraid I'd take a swing at Faith Hill for stealing our last name.

HANK: Now, you'll think about what I said?
WYNONA JUDD: I was raised with charcoal, I'll die with charcoal. So back off!

RANDY TRAVIS: And now I'd like to introduce y'all to Hank Hill, a man who taught me just how precious life is. You see, yesterday my trailer fell in the lake, and just as I was freeing myself, I saw this loyal fan drowning in the water nearby. And I saved his life. I want to bring him up here to sing with me. Come on, Hank.
HANK: Well, I'll punch him this time.
PEGGY: No, what's the use?
GARRY: In my religion, thirteen is your official passage into manhood. We call it a "bar-mitzvah," or "big party."
BOBBY: Is that an Arizona thing?
GARRY: Arizona, New York, Miami... I got so many fancy pen-and-pencil sets I was giving them away for years.
BOBBY: Pen-and-pencil set? That is very manly! Can I get a bar-mitzvah? I'm willing to celebrate Hanukkah.
GARRY: Trust me, it's more work than you're gonna want to put in. I'll tell you what, tomorrow you spend the day with me, and I'll show you how a man enjoys Arizona. By the time you leave here, you'll have hair on your kishkes!

PEGGY: If you try to stick the late Peggy Hill in an inferior casket, she will come back to haunt you. I will see to that.

WAITRESS: Hi, I'm Jennifer. How is everyone tonight?
DALE: Jennifer, we're fantastic!

CONNIE: You know, Bobby, there are some days of the month I don't like to ride a bike either.
BOBBY: You mean because you got your period?
CONNIE: I chose not to use that word.
BOBBY: Why? It's a natural, beautiful thing.
CONNIE: You don't understand. You're not there yet.
BOBBY: You better check the map, honey, because I am living in downtown there!

JOSEPH: I can't dance.
BOBBY: Compared to me, no.
JOSEPH: I got stretch marks on my shoulders and zits on my back. I can't even ride my own bike any more. And a million times a day, my dad asks me "How's the weather up there?"
BOBBY: Tell him it's fair to partly stupid.
JOSEPH: Oh, man, you always know just what to say. That's why you have a girlfriend.
BOBBY: Yeah, I do, don't I?
JOSEPH: I want a girl too! I just can't stop thinking about 'em! I can't get girls out of my head! Just... just get out!

BILL: I didn't know you sewed, Hank.
DALE: Sew-er!
HANK: I am not sewing. I am upholstering, which is one of the five original industrial arts.
DALE: Whatever you say, Aunt Bee. Hey, while you're at it, maybe you can quilt one of them coffins for me. It's only a matter of time before Joseph's hormonal rage forces him to kill me in my sleep and marry my mother.

PEGGY: Oh, Hank, it's like sleeping on a marshmallow.

DOOLEY: Joseph likes to watch.

CONNIE: If it's Bobby, slam the door in his face.
KAHN: Oh, I wish it was, so I could, but it just Jolly Gribble Giant.

MINH: How did tall, dark and handsome get butt kicked by short, fat and redneck?

PEGGY: You think I should get out of my coffin and see what's going on?
HANK: Over my dead body.

CONNIE: I came to apologize and make out with tongues.
BOBBY: I don't know where your tongue's been. Oh, wait, yes I do!
CONNIE: I didn't mean to kiss Joseph. It was just that he was so sad, and tall.
BOBBY: And you're so loose, and cheap!

CONNIE: Where are you going?
JOSEPH: I'm going as far as an eighth of a tank of gas will take me.
CONNIE: Take me with you!

DALE: My Bug-a-bago! What evil hath been wrought to befall this upon me?

HANK: Bobby, did you see who did this?
BOBBY: Uh... it was probably teenagers.
JOSEPH: Yep. Teenagers.
CONNIE: Teenagers.
DALE: Damn teenagers!

PEGGY: Yes! Yes! Thirteen for thirteen! Uh, huh! In your face, boy-ee! Uh-huh!
Hey, Bobby, it's your birthday, ch-ch-ch-ch ch-ch-ch-ch,
That's right, I served you cake, uh-huh,
I'm Peggy, pull your leg-y,
Oh, Bobby, let's go!
Say what? That's right!
I'm all that, I'm Peggy,
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, get funky!
BOBBY: I was up late last night watching a Taxi marathon on Nick at Nite... tank you veddy much.

HANK: I'm not giving you my chores. You're getting a job.
BOBBY: All right, but I'm not very employable. No skills, bad attitude, seventh-grade education. But we can try.

MINH: Hear that, Peggy Hill? Next time I'll be drinking orange juice from a coffee mug while you still drinking from the little itty-bitty Peggy Hill paper cup!

MR. STRICKLAND: Tell you what, if Bobby works half as hard as you do, I'll pull a few strings, grease a few palms, get him a job as a caddy at the golf club.
HANK: Oh, sir, that would be great! You know, I love golf, maybe I could, you know...
MR. STRICKLAND: Oh, Hank, you're too old to be a caddy. Get back to work.

GUARD: Your truck is parked too far from the curb. I'm going to have to give you a warning.
HANK: You're not a cop.
GUARD: That's why it's just a warning.

BOBBY: Did you ever ride a block of ice?
MR. STRICKLAND: Hell, I married Miz Liz, didn't I?

MR. STRICKLAND: He reminds me of my own boy.
HANK: I didn't know you had a son.
MR. STRICKLAND: Yeah, lives in another city, another woman, name's Roy, or Ray or something like that... after sixteen years I'm too embarrassed to ask.

BILL: I had a dream last night where we were all naked. Except for you, Hank, you had these little clear plastic underpants on. Actually, they weren't doing you any good, because you could see everything.

BOBBY: Mr. Strickland got up under more balls than a midget hooker.

HANK: You're giving that watch back!
BOBBY: No, I'm not! Mr. Strickland gave me that watch and it's Mr. Strickland who gives me my money! He asks me to jump and I say "How high?" He asks me to cheat and we're on the green in two!

HANK: If Mr. Strickland calls, you tell him... I'm taking a personal day.

MINH: They wouldn't take any more blood from you!
PEGGY: Well, maybe not in Arlen, maybe not in McMaynerbury, but Minh, there's a little town called Houston. And when that construction crane fell over, they didn't have time to ask questions.

MR. STRICKLAND: If I'm losing, I'm gonna fake having a heart attack. That's your cue to come in screaming "My daddy's havin' a heart attack! My daddy's havin' a heart attack!"

BOBBY: The watch is mine!

HANK: I'm his father.
THUG: I thought the old guy in there was your father.
BOBBY: No, no, this is my dad, this one right here, the one with the golf club.

MR. STRICKLAND: You heard me! I'm havin' a got-danged heart attack!

MR. STRICKLAND: That's right, you backwater hicks! You missed Buck again!
HANK: Did you send in those voter registration forms I gave you on your eighteenth birthday?
LUANNE: No, but that's okay... I'll just vote for President next year.

HANK: I still get goose pimples thinking about pulling the lever for Councilman Fred Ebberd. 'Course, then he betrayed me.

TED: The polls and the media have been ignoring my campaign. But they're in for a surprise when longshot candidate Ted T. Gannaway moves out of his parents' basement and into the White House!
HANK: Look, a fringe candidate. Poor misguided bastard.
PEGGY: Well, you have to admire his courage. I mean, he's right in the middle of what I like to call Bush Country.

BARKER: Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the main event, the real deal, the finest diver with four legs, the pork Louganis, Mitch the Amazing Diving Pig! For his first dive, Mitch will present the Two-la Hula, a dive through not one, not three, but two hula hoops!

MAN: He's dead!
BOBBY: Not this pig. Not today.

CAMPAIGN WORKER: This is the sort of heroism the Governor loves to attach himself to.

LUANNE: I guess I cancel out your vote. My first election, and your vote means nothing. Long live the people's revolution!

LUANNE: I have several reasons. The line to his booth was the shortest. I like his tie... it's red. And his shirt is white, and his jacket is blue, and that stands for America... Communism!

HANK: I just think if you don't read the papers and the only TV you watch is the MTV, you shouldn't be allowed to vote.

HANK: You don't know the first thing about Communism.
LUANNE: What's to know? Robert Parigi's got the cutest little eyes and the prettiest eyebrows.
HANK: No, you cannot! I hate Communists! All they do is boss people around!
LUANNE: Sounds like you, Uncle Hank.
HANK: Luanne, please go home before I tell you you're acting like an idiot and make you cry.
HANK: No, I'm not!
HANK: Get that penguin back here! I'm not done!
HANK: All right, I gave you fair warning. Luanne, you're acting like an idiot.
LUANNE: Oh, no! Oh, Uncle Hank!

LUANNE: He's even more handsome than his dad.
HANK: Well, Barbara's a handsome woman.

GEORGE W. BUSH: Hey, there's Heimlich County's newest hero!
BOBBY: I was just in the right place at the right time, like any hero.

HANK: Oh, my God! His handshake! It's limp!

HANK: This man could be the next leader of the free world. We're gonna have nutjob Third World dictators walking all over us when they find out the man in charge doesn't have a strong enough finger to push the button.

HANK: See that guy's reaction when Bush shakes his hand? Surprise, then disappointment. Surprise, then disappointment.
PEGGY: Sure, but when I want to watch Scent of a Woman, you don't even know how to work the VCR.

HANK: With voter turnout at all-time lows, not voting makes me more American.

DALE: We're going to stay in Mexico and see how the election turns out. In the event of any problems... civil unrest, military coup... we will remain in Mexico under assumed identities. You are Fritz Kruger, wealthy Ecuadorian rancher. And I am Central American singing sensation LaMotil.

LUANNE: This isn't Rudy, it's Luanne. And this isn't a propane emergency, it's a why-aren't-you-voting emergency. Why aren't you voting?
HANK: Because my candidate's handshake had no character.
LUANNE: What takes character is to vote anyway, even if it's rainy, or your face is blotchy, or your uncle made you cry, or your candidate's a dud. It doesn't take any character to give up.
HANK: What do you know about it? You've never even voted!
LUANNE: Well, maybe I won't vote after all, since apparently it's not that important. I think I'll go shopping, like you did, Uncle Hank. Because I don't need to vote, but I can always use a good pair of pants.

BILL: So who'd you vote for, Hank?
LUANNE: Nuh-uh. If he tells you, it won't come true.
COTTON: Hank's wife.
PEGGY: Cotton. I have been calling you. How long have you been in town?
COTTON: A week. We're stayin' over to the VFW. We love it there. Didi and the baby love it there too. Ain't that right, wife?
DIDI: It's just like a second honeymoon, except it's not El Paso.

COTTON: I'll be marchin' in Arlen, with my war buddies: Topsy, Stinky, Brooklyn, Fat Brooklyn, and of course, Irwin Linker.
HANK: What happened to Lucky?
COTTON: Dead!

COTTON: You want my medals? Okay, I'll give them to you. Cost you two hundred dollars a day. There's only one way you could make that, except you're twenty years too old and twenty pounds too skinny.
PEGGY: Cotton Hill, I do not know what I hate more about you... the way you talk to me or the way you treat your wife and your little child.
COTTON: Well, think about it.

PEGGY: Rob Reiner says that the first year is the most important to a child's development. Your baby brother should be listening to lullabies, not to old men hacking up phlegm!

COTTON: This hobo took three cans from my pile. I got them from a sewer outside a bus station.
JIMMY: Them three cans was my cans. I smashed 'em myself. Smashed 'em good.
COTTON: You're lying! This dumpster-monkey is lying!

COTTON: I'm your man, Mr. Lewis. I supervised the installation of asbestos in every public school in Heimlich County. And eleven bowling alleys.
MR. LEWIS: Our company's paid to remove asbestos.
COTTON: What!? Remove asbestos? What for?
MR. LEWIS: You said on your application that you're thirty-eight years old. Is that right?
COTTON: Indeed! I tend to look older because the Japanese shot my shins off in the war.
MR. LEWIS: Which war?
COTTON: Gulf War.

COTTON: Now you listen to me, Junior. I led a platoon of men through the jungle of Sai Pan. I think I can lead a party of four to table 6!

MANAGER: Mr. Hill, maybe you need to re-evaluate whether you really want to clean up after my customers use the men's room.

DIDI: Sorry I'm late. I had to take three buses: one to get here, one to go back and get G.H., and one to get here.

HANK: A veteran working on Veteran's Day? That ain't right.

COTTON: Topsy, you shouldn't be waitin' for a bus! You strangled Herman Goering, for God's sake!

HANK: I'm happy to help you out.
COTTON: It ain't help. You're payin' me back for all the money I spent raisin' you: food, clothes, sissy lenses for your eyes...
HANK: Okay, Dad, that seems fair.
COTTON: It's more than fair. I ain't even chargin' you interest. 'Cause you're my son and all.
TUG: Number 33, David Kalaiki-Alii, the Flyin' Hawaiian! He says "aloha" to the end zone and "aloha" to the Temble Tigers! It means both hello and goodbye! My wife is Polynesian! Arlen High's unstoppable!

PEGGY: ...And the man walked around the world and said to the king, "Sir, I come from France." Cir-cum-france.

PEGGY: At Tom Landry Middle School, we would never think of extending special privileges to the athletes.
MARLON: Peggy, this isn't Middle School. This is real life. We've got college football coaches at our games, and they aren't coming to watch David draw a triangle.
MIRIAM: Don't worry, Peggy. David Kalaiki-Alii is unteachable anyway.
PEGGY: Unteachable?
MARLON: I spent six weeks in Health trying to get him to brush up and down. He's like a wall.

LUANNE: He's the Flyin' Hawaiian! Oh, if I were two years younger...
PEGGY: Well, first of all, he is your age. And second, David is considered a special case. They call him unteachable.
BOBBY: Well, you can't be good at everything.
HANK: You'd be surprised, Bobby. He plays offense and defense, and he returns punts.
PEGGY: It looks like Luanne isn't the only one with a crush on David. But you know what? He is just another student to me. No different from the nerds or the suck-ups.

BOOSTER: She flunked David and put him on three weeks' academic probation. You know what happens in those three weeks? San Marcos. Belton. McMaynerbury. McMaynerbury, Hank!

TUG: And another fumble from senior Charlie Maiken, who was named Arlen's scholar/athlete of the year! He's all yours, Princeton!

MR. STRICKLAND: I volunteer Strickland Propane to jump through this little loophole. David can work for me till the swallows come back from Capistrami.

HANK: Years from now, no one will remember what a hexagon is. But you win State, and that goes up on the water tower.

PEGGY: I am in over my head. What made me think that I could teach high school? I so wanted to be like "Welcome Back, Kotter." Now I'm like the real Gabe Kaplan. I am a loser.

"What I Love Most About Propane," by David Kalaiki-Alii
Strickland Propene does not have a vending machine. It smells, and I thank God every day I get home that I didn't get exploded. The end.

PEGGY: I have diagnosed myself as having the early stages of single-digit carpal tunnel syndrome, or as I call it, "chalk finger."

PEGGY: Hank Hill, I am speechless. I literally have nothing to say. Not one word. Nada. Zilch. Zero. I don't know what you're waiting for.

MRS. KALAIKI-ALII: David is learning-disabled. He studies every day as soon he comes home from practice until he falls asleep every night. I usually come in and find him slumped over his desk, using that playbook you gave him as a pillow. He's a good boy, he just has trouble retaining anything. He deserves an A for effort, though.
PEGGY: No wonder even I couldn't teach him.
MRS. KALAIKI-ALII: Sports is all God gave David. And it's the only way he'll get to college.
HANK: Well, then, we're sorry to have disturbed you, Mrs. Kalaiki-Alii.
MRS. KALAIKI-ALII: And the Oscar goes to... me!

DAVID: I guess if I'd worked harder, you guys wouldn't have been so willing to believe I was learning-disabled.
PEGGY: You're not? But that explains everything.

DAVID: I've been thinking about this "No pass, no play" stuff, and I've decided that if I don't pass, then I should no play.
PEGGY: You mean it?
DAVID: I probably should have something to fall back on. I mean, the odds of me not making pro are what, 50-50?
JOHN REDCORN: It's a good precedent for our tribe's lawsuit, don't you think?
DALE: Well, with me acting as your legal advisor, I am confident that you have an airtight case. Although I am not sure what you mean by "precedent."

JOHN REDCORN: I barely see my son as it is.
NANCY: Sug, he's Dale's son, remember?
JOHN REDCORN: You say that now, but when it comes time to get him into college, let's see what box you check.

LUANNE: Aunt Peggy, everybody hates your Boggle tournament.
PEGGY: What?
LUANNE: What?
PEGGY: You just said that everybody hates my Boggle tournament.
LUANNE: I didn't say that... I thought it. Well, now that you know, everybody does hate your Boggle tournament. But it's because you give grades instead of prizes.
PEGGY: Yes, Boggle is a harsh mistress.

BOBBY: Dad, you and your white people stole hundreds of thousands of acres from John Redcorn, and now you celebrate by frying a turkey? Whem does the killing end?
BILL: Hank, you're terrible.
HANK: I am not...
DALE: Just give him his land back, Hank.

HANK: You will not use that Frenchman's wave with me.

BOBBY: Thanks-taking is not a time for celebration. I refuse to carve your turkey. It is basted in the blood of the innocents!

PEGGY: Do not blame Bobby. I taught him to keep an open mind. Maybe I taught him too well.

JOHN REDCORN: I found this headdress lying around. I thought you might like it.
JOSEPH: Horns and a feather. Thanks.

BOBBY: I refuse to eat the white man's white meat!

HANK: This whole anti-Thanksgiving thing couldn't have come at a worse time.

PEGGY: Well, the game is pretty straightforward. You can choose to spin or you can choose to choose. If you choose to spin, you can land on spin, or choice, or lose a spin, or lose a choice, or free spin, or free choice, or spin again.
NANCY: I'll be right back.
PEGGY: She loves the game, but her ex-lover just showed up. Most players won't face such distractions.

JOHN REDCORN: To the white man, who steals our land and steals our sons.
DALE: To the white man!

BOBBY: My friend John Redcorn has taught me how important the history of his people is, especially on this day. And I am the only one who saw fit to prepare a feast that honors the Native American culture, not my land-grabbing ancestors. According to many expensive books I studied at the bookstore, the Anasazi tribe from this region celebrated their most festive occasions by eating the body of their enemies. Anthropologists have found the leftovers of these sacred meals: human bones with shiny patches, as if rubbed smooth against the walls of cooking-pots. So today we salute the Native American cannibal, or people-eater. In that spirit, I invite you to enjoy a Native American cannibal feast. Mr. Redcorn, this head's for you.
JOSEPH: Oh, man! You eat people?
JOHN REDCORN: Joseph, don't listen to him. That was over seven hundred years ago!
JOSEPH: Get your hands off me, you cannibal freak!

DALE: So Joseph called you a cannibal. It's not like it's true. Is it?
JOHN REDCORN: Of course not. Any cultural anthropologist will tell you that the Anasazi tribe last practiced cannibalism over seven hundred years ago.
DALE: And you are affiliated with what tribe...?
JOHN REDCORN: Dale, I don't eat people! For God's sake, it would be like me accusing you of cannibalism, just because that nut in Michigan who boiled body parts in his stove was white. Or that disc jockey in Philadelphia who ate people in his basement. Also white.
DALE: Boy, you're sure up on cannibalism, John Redcorn. Well, look at the time...
JOHN REDCORN: It just makes me so angry!
DALE: You should know, I'm highly carcinogenic.

DALE: Now here's the plan: psst psst psst psst...
HANK: Dale, you're just going "psst psst psst."
DALE: Well, I've got nothing!

HANK: You called John Recorn a cannibal. That's one of the worst things you can call a person.
BOBBY: No, it's not. The New York Times says cannibalism is part of his cultural heritage, and you have to respect other people's culture. Who are we to judge?
HANK: I am not judging. I am stating a simple fact. It is wrong to eat human beings.
BOBBY: Says you.
HANK: Yes, and I'll say it again. It is wrong to eat another human being.
BOBBY: Oh, but it was right for the white man to throw blankets with smallpox onto the Indian reservations?
HANK: No, that was wrong too. But so is eating human beings. Bobby, I agree that stealing Indians' land was wrong. Can't you agree that it's wrong to eat another human being?
BOBBY: I guess.

JOHN REDCORN: I can't believe she left me for that.
HANK: She didn't leave you for that. She married that two years before she met you.

JOSEPH: I know you're not really a cannibal. My mom told me. She told me a lot of things.
JOHN REDCORN: Like what?
JOSEPH: How the white man stole your land and your heritage, and how it's time you got it back. And how we're all children of the earth, so in a weird way, we're related.
HANK: I'm pretty sure the license people are gonna need to see a birth certificate. Otherwise you'd have a bunch of Oklahomans trying to get Native Texan license plates.

COTTON: Is that a kiwi in there? You know how I feel about hairy fruits!

HANK: "Hank." How do I even know that's my real name? My real parents might have called me "Henry." Or "Chris." God, Peggy, what if I'm a Chris?

HANK: Well, if I was adopted, that means my parents could be anybody. Even Tom Landry. I do have his strong chin and love of the flex defense. I wonder if I would have called him "Dad" or "Coach?" Oh, who am I kidding? It would have been "Sir."

HANK: How come you didn't tell me I was born in New York?
COTTON: What?! Uh... you wasn't! You was adopted! Worst fi'ty bucks I ever spent. Could've got me a matching pair of Chinese babies for ten.
HANK: I was born in New York City, of your seed.
COTTON: Oh, Hank, I always knew the day would come when I'd have to tell you the whole sad story. Maybe it was my fault for loving your mother too much. Back when she was still worth loving.

PEGGY: Maybe you should have opened your eyes and then your Bible, Hank. "Red and yellow, black and white, we are all precious in His sight."
HANK: Nothing in there about New York.
PEGGY: Well, Sodom is in there, Hank, and Gomorrah. And they are New York as all get-out.

BOOMHAUER: Yep.
BILL: Yep.
DALE: Yep. Or should I say "yada yada yada?" Hank, should I?
HANK: Shut up, Dale.
BILL: Boy, you New Yorkers really are rude.

HANK: I can't even drive like a Texan anymore, Peggy. I think my truck might be too much vehicle for me.
BOBBY: Come on, Dad, you'll be okay. You just need what Mom likes to call "closure."

TILLY: Wait, Cotton's trying to pin this on me? It was his idea to go to New York.
HANK: What? Then one of you is not telling the truth. Oh, hell, I know it's him.

COTTON: Well, Fidel, you should've stayed in Washington on your unofficial visit. Now they're gonna have to carry you off on a seventh-inning stretcher!

COTTON: Woman with fetus, coming through!

TILLY: The baby's coming!
COTTON: Not now, woman! Hold it in!

COTTON: ...And at midnight, we rendezvous in Mexico with one Jorge Lopez. As you know, he's half-Mexican, half-Cuban. For this job, we'll be using the half that's Cuban.

HANK: It's your fault I was born in New York and I can't drive my truck and I tried a bagel and actually liked it. No, no more lies... I loved that bagel!

HANK: I'd like to tell Buck Strickland to kiss off.

COTTON: For a New Yorker, you ain't got much street smarts.

COTTON: The point of tonight is to kill Castro and bring back his chin-pelt.

HANK: Why am I wearing the hat?

STINKY: It's starting to drizzle.
COTTON: Aw, suck it up, Stinky. Rained for seventeen days at Guadalcanal, I didn't hear you complain then.
STINKY: I complained a lot.

HANK: Dad, you can't kill Castro! You aren't even supposed to drive at night!

COTTON: Fine, you sissy girls, I'll row to Cuba myself! Hell, I'll swim to Cuba with this wrench between my teeth! Then I'll pose as a beautiful female plumber, and when the toilet clogs at the Presidential palace, I'll... I'll... oh. I just wanted to kill Castro!
HANK: I know, Dad. I know.

IRWIN: Get your hands off me, you gutter-slut.
IRWIN'S DAUGHTER: Daddy...!

PEGGY: Hank, informed sources tell me that you were dead in the water, and then you came back to life. So you were reborn in Texas. Meaning you are a native Texan.
HANK: No, I'm not a native Texan. I'm just a Texan.
PEGGY: And I am a Texan too.
HANK: I don't remember seeing any Montana flag at the Alamo.
PEGGY: Well, it wasn't a state then.
HANK: Fine, everybody's a Texan. Change planes in Dallas, you're a Texan.
CONNIE: The PTA says we can't do the eighth-grade poll this year.
BOBBY: What!? Why not?
CONNIE: Last year's "worst dresser" turned out to be really poor.

HANK: You're going out for the Longhorn? So you're not prancing around the garage. You're training.

BOBBY: That dang Mike Soto! Where does he find the time? But I'll give him this: he is flexible.

BOBBY: "McMaynerbury Whoopin'?" That's like, "whoop, whoop, whoop," right?
DALE: No, "whoopin'," as in the big beat-down, as in halftime hammerin', as in the McMaynerbury Mascot Massacre, as in...
BOBBY: Am I missing something?

BOBBY: Maybe McMaynerbury will take an early lead and hold it for the rest of the game.
DALE: Yeah, and maybe I'll file a federal income tax return. That goes in my big book of "So There"s.

BOBBY: McMaynerbury's gonna kill me. I'm a lover, not a... I'm not even a lover!

HANK: This is some kind of comedy bit. He's gonna turn around any second. Maybe he's just going to the car to get a... He's gone.

DALE: State your purpose.
BOBBY: Mr. Gribble, what would you say if I told you I was going to steal the Belton Armadillo tonight?
DALE: I'd say you're a madman. Or a genius. Maybe a little of both. I'll go 60/40.

DALE: That middle school is impregnable. Cannot be pregnated. Except by me. But I don't come cheap.
BOBBY: I don't have a lot of money.
DALE: Fine, I'll come cheap. You got five bucks?
BOBBY: I can get four.
DALE: I'm in.

PEGGY: It just seems like every time that Julia Roberts is on TV, it is just to yap about her movie.

HANK: Don't let them tease you too much. Remember, you're the mascot, not the placekicker.

DALE: There's four kids in there, and tough ones too.
BOBBY: Don't you have some poisons in your truck that you can pump in there to make them fall asleep?
DALE: I do. But the amount of poison that can make four kids fall asleep might also kill an armadillo. And the kids might not wake up.

DUB TAYLOR: Hey, you're Peggy Platter from West Arlen High. West Arlen sucks!

HANK: He's probably camped out in the bushes. No, that takes guts. He probably spent the night at Denny's.

BOBBY: Bobby Hill-o got the 'dillo!

HANK: Bobby just started a new tradition. Now we have the McMaynerbury Whoopin' and the Belton Beating. What a great time to be a Longhorn.
DALE: Last Christmas I hid Joseph's gift so well, I still haven't found it. Cutest little puppy. Or should I say dog?

HANK: Bill's great with kids. It's adults and holidays he seems to have a problem with.

PEGGY: Rented snow machines, all these lights... it looks like a carnival. I wonder how Jesus feels about this?
HANK: It's Christmas and Bill's happy? I'll tell you how Jesus feels... great.

BOBBY: Better honk, Dad. It won't feel like Christmas Day if we miss the Little Drummer Boy.
HANK: I'm doing the best I can, and... wait a minute, you're being sarcastic. You have no interest at all in seeing that little boy play his heart out, do you?
BOBBY: Nope.

DALE: Valet parking is five dollars. Valet of the Dales is not responsible for lost or stolen articles.
HANK: Dale, I'm just going to park in my driveway.
DALE: That lot's full, but Bill says I can put overflow parking poolside at Luanne's house. Octavio! La bamba le automobilo! No scratcho, comprende?

BILL: Hank, there'll be plenty of time for these kids to be beaten down by life. If I can bring a little extra joy and love into their lives now, shouldn't I?
DALE: Why do you hate love, Hank?

HANK: Why don't you take Marilyn out someplace nice for Valentine's Day? Women like Valentine's Day. They find it romantic.

WALLY: Nice pool. What say we jump in and see what floats?
LUANNE: Just keep your beer cans off of my lawn. And quit trying to read my T-shirt!

BOBBY: Hey, Dad! I like beer!

HANK: That's it! I've had enough of this Christmas crap!

HANK: Dammit, Bill, some of us are trying to raise kids. Good kids. The kind who don't try to kill their parents in their sleep. Kids like Bobby.
BILL: Wally would never try to kill me in my sleep. He told me so. That kind of communication is very important in a father-son relationship.

WALLY: You really are like my dad.
BILL: Really?
WALLY: Yeah. He never had faith in me either. But at least he had a motorcycle.

PEGGY: Poor Bill. He probably shouldn't be alone. But he will be.

DALE: I've got it! Bill wants to have a child. Hank's urethra is too narrow to have another child. Ergo, Bill should inseminate Peggy. Everybody's happy. Ow!... Didn't hurt. Nancy!!

BILL: You were right, I don't know how to be a father. All the books about it are written by comedians, and I never know when they're kidding and when they're serious.

BILL: You do everything right, but if you didn't, I'd be there for you.

COP: Parenting's tough. Try having my job with a kid in jail. That gets weird.

BILL: You may not be happy with me now, Soldier, but you'll thank me someday.
WALLY: For what? For making me a jarhead?
BILL: No, for convincing the judge that the army is a better place for you than prison. Oh and you're not a jarhead. That's the marine corps. You're a grunt!
MR. NICKMAN: Shouldn't you be wearing a mask?
DALE: Mask, smask. Smask? Schmask. Schmask. Mask, schmask. That's it. Mask, schmask!

NANCY: You're too sick to exterminate, sug.
DALE: I'll tell you what I told that doctor: I'm not quitting, you incompetent quack!

DALE: I have more pressures than any of you. You ever try replacing a cockroach's blood with root beer?
HANK: You know I haven't.
DALE: Then don't judge me.

NANCY: I'm tired of getting "While you were out" messages from the receptionist: "Husband called. Still waiting for sex."

HANK: How are things with Nancy? You know, you used to brag a lot about... uh... stuff.
DALE: I didn't mean to brag. It's just that we were having spectacular sex.
HANK: Uh, yeah, but not so much lately?
DALE: Maybe it's something I ate. What's the opposite of oysters? Apples?
HANK: Look, maybe it has something to do with you being out of work. I mean, would you want to sleep with a bum?
DALE: No.
HANK: That's right. See, nothing's sexier than a man with a nine-to-five job.

MISS PITTMAN: We're a team at Stik Tek, and a team is only as strong as its weakest player. That's you.

MISS PITTMAN: Oh, you're bald. And not in an attractive way, like Sean Connery.

DALE: Up yours, Joseph.
NANCY: Dale!
DALE: Sorry, son, that's the coffee talking. And the fluorescent lighting. And the excruciating headache.
NANCY: Make some time for the roaches, sug.
DALE: We'd all love to make time for roaches. But in the real world, people have to spend all night reconciling invoices or Miss Pittman won't let them wear Chinos and a knit shirt next Friday!

WOMAN: I can't fire Bert. We started at Stik Tek together, nineteen years ago.
MISS PITTMAN: Well, I can't fire Bert. We were married briefly in the '80s. Part of me still loves him.

MISS PITTMAN: Mr. Gribble, how would you like to make this your permanent job?
DALE: Firing Gladstone? Sure! Hey, Gladstone...!

MISS PITTMAN: Dallas is downsizing the flavored adhesive division. Pina colada was killing lab monkeys left and right.

DALE: Louis, you've been with Stik Tek how long?
LOUIS: It'll be fourteen years next week.
DALE: No, it won't. You're fired!
LOUIS: Fired? But I...
DALE: Yeah, yeah. Look, I have to eat, she has to pee, and he has to get back to selling propane or he'll wind up in the same boat as you.
LOUIS: But I've got four children!
DALE: I had someone in here today with eight. Heck, I once killed a beetle with thirty million in her egg sack.

DALE: You keep this up, Joseph, you're fired from this family.
NANCY: Dale!!
DALE: You're next, blondie.

DALE: They're not recognizing me as their maternal influence! The project has gone horribly awry! Joseph, get me some poison!
JOSEPH: But Dad, you're not supposed to inhale any more poison.
DALE: Damn it! Why are there so many ways to kill a human, but only one way to kill a bug?

DALE: The roaches are dead! Please return to your lunch! Enjoy!

DALE: Pittman, firing people can give you a pretty good buzz, but it's a poor substitute for killing. I realize that now.
PEGGY: We are seeing The Flowers of Time, rated PG-13 by the Motion Picture Association of America and PG-12 by Peggy Hill.

PEGGY: Oh, for God's sake, just take it to a mechanic.
DALE: Another man touching her all over? Playing with her manifolds?
BILL: And then making Hank pay for it?
HANK: Peggy, this truck has been through four presidents, three Dallas Cowboys Super Bowl victories, and zero mechanics.

BOBBY: To The Flowers of Time!

PEGGY: This movie is good enough to have been based on a novel.

DALE: Hank Hill is weeping like a little French girl!

PEGGY: Hank, come on, there's no reason to be ashamed about your crying. But yet, I am.

PEGGY: Now, I'm not a professional psychologist, but I am an amateur psychologist. And I think that your spontaneous eye-watering may have something to do with your father.
HANK: No, it has nothing to do with anything.
PEGGY: Think about it: you have a strained relationship with your dad, and your greatest fear is that he will die without telling you how much he loves you. You are Ethan Hawke, Hank!
HANK: That's just crazy talk. Our relationship is strained but fine.
PEGGY: Wait a minute, of course, why didn't I see it? You're right, you are not Ethan Hawke, you are Charlton Heston! Bobby is Ethan Hawke! Yes! Done.
HANK: No, no, it is not done!
PEGGY: You and Bobby are distant emotionally and very distant physically. And you know if you were ever pinned under a tractor, you know Bobby would not be able to lift it, and you wouldn't be able to tell him how much you love him. That is why you were crying, Hank.
HANK: No, there is something wrong with my eyes. Something seriously wrong. Yep, that's it.
PEGGY: Oh, so now you're the amateur doctor. Interesting.

HANK: Okay, you were right, I am crying. You happy now?
PEGGY: Well, I'm happy for me, but I am sad for you. But don't worry, honey, I will keep this between you, me, Bobby, and the family therapist we will undoubtedly need to see.
HANK: This isn't about Bobby. Charlton Heston isn't me or Bobby. Charlton Heston is my truck!

DALE: Hank's never gonna let this truck go, and we're the ones who are gonna suffer. We will now be rides to the auto zone, and "those chumps who will push my truck."
BILL: You can't blame Hank for being attatched to his truck. He loves it. And that's what you do when you love something... you cling to it so it doesn't try to run away.
DALE: I've had my van for ten years. At the first sign of weakness, I'll shoot her myself!

HANK: What seems to be the problem with Mr. Clark?
MR. STRICKLAND: Well, it seems Enrique's been short-filling their tanks.
HANK: Why would he do that?
MR. STRICKLAND: Well, I... told him to.

MR. STRICKLAND: I don't like to get this sweaty unless I have a little lady to towel off on.

HANK: Dangit, Bobby, people will see that oil stain and think I'm a drunk.

HANK: I can't push her myself... she's too solidly manufactured.

BOBBY: So that's the sound it makes when a train hits a truck. It was a little more truck-y than I would have thought, considering how much train there was.
HANK: This is all your fault! You killed my truck!
BOBBY: I was just trying to help. And if it wasn't the train, it would have been something else. That mechanic said it only had five hundred miles left.
HANK: Even if he was right, which he wasn't, if I had driven only five miles a year, I could have had her another hundred years.

SALESMAN: You're back!
HANK: Save your fancy come-ons for the Okies, okay?

MAN: You lookin' for a little kid, 'bout this big by this big? Said he was walkin' home.
HANK: What? Why didn't you try to stop him?
MAN: Looked like he could use the exercise.

HANK: Hm. Anti-lock brakes! That's why they didn't lock!

HANK: I'm sorry I blamed you for killing my truck. I know it wasn't intentional.
BOBBY: You're damn right it wasn't! You think you're the only one who loved that truck? I spent the best years of my life in that truck.
HANK: You did love my truck? I'm sorry I never got a chance to tell her that.

BOBBY: I love this truck!
HANK: Yeah, me too. But when we get back to the dealership, pretend you hate it.
PEGGY: You know, it frightens me to think that we've raised Bobby for twelve years without the Internet. Parents without the Internet should have their children taken away.

PEGGY: Look, if you want a dog inside the house, it says right here that there are several hypoallergenic breeds of dog, such as poodles or hairless.
HANK: A poodle? Why not just go all the way and get me a cat and a sex-change operation?

HANK: Although we move you into Barkingham Palace today, we will always leave a doggie-door open into our hearts. And we hope we have made your home as wonderful as you have made ours these past thirteen years.

DALE: Push her in! We all came to see the opening of a doghouse!

HANK: What I was thinking was, Bobby could live in the doghouse. Yeah, that'll work. Bobby's only thirteen; it'll be fun for him. But Ladybird is thirteen. She doesn't have much time left, and she's set in her ways.

CONNIE: I stole a bottle of Chianti from my dad. I poured out the wine so we can put a candle in it.

MINH: Hey, Peggy Hill, Connie want to have your Bobby over to play. You had him fixed, right?
PEGGY: Well, I am glad you find my son's sickness so amusing. If he were living in a plastic bubble, I would be having lunch with Elton John. But because he is living in a doghouse... ha, ha, ha! Big laugh! Well, you know what would be really funny? You know what would be really funny, huh? If Connie broke her leg!

HANK: You'll have to walk her when it's time to go. She won't go in her own yard.
BILL: I'm the same way.

BOOMHAUER: You want another beer, man?
HANK: I don't want to associate beer with this kind of pain.
HANK: I can't just leave work at 4:50 on a Friday afternoon.

DALE: S'go, s'go, s'go! S'get there!

LUANNE: Welcome to my end-of-semester party. I never thought finals would be over. But by this time next week, they will be!

DALE: Hank, if you're steering the car, who's taking off your shirt?

BOBBY: Maybe no one's ever taken the time to tell Dad how much better charcoal is.
PEGGY: And no one ever will. Now strip off your clothes, throw them in the washer, and throw in some fish-sticks. Your father has a nose like a doberman!

BILL: I know this hotel... it's where Lenore and I spent our honeymoon. That's the couch where I slept.

DALE: I'm Gribble of the Gribble party. We requested four standard rooms on your kosher floor.
MAN: I'm sorry, sir, we don't have a kosher floor.
DALE: This is an outrage! How do you intend to placate me? Wait till my pastor hears about this! My god is a vengeful god!
MAN: Sir, please, we don't discriminate against... whatever you are.

HANK: I'll take the standard room, one key, shampoo, and no conditioner.
DALE: Don't mind him... he's with the schoolmarm convention.

HANK: I'm doing it! I'm a mooner!

HANK: I'm gonna kick your asses!
DALE: Why is it always about asses with you, Hank?

BILL: Let me take the fall for you, Hank. I don't have as far to drop.

GOVERNOR RICHARDS: Don't worry about Bill. I commuted his sentence to dinner for two.

BILL: Well, she's taking me to a fancy ball tonight... I should probably shower.
HANK: Well, it's nuts, but she does have him showering.

BILL: Ann, you're the best thing to happen to my life since Lenore ruined it.
GOVERNOR RICHARDS: Your ex-wife?
BILL: Yeah. I used to have kind of a taste for trash, but now it's all prime rib and filet mignon and tenderloin.
GOVERNOR RICHARDS: Are you talking about dinner, or are you talking about me?
BILL: Mostly you.

GOVERNOR RICHARDS: You guys like baseball?
DALE: If you're trying to smoke out the Communists, relax. We're all cool.

HANK: You brought charcoal into my house!
PEGGY: I didn't know what it was! Luanne asked me to hold it for her! I thought it was drugs!
HANK: There's soot under my boy's nails! You don't get that from a clean-burning fuel.
BOBBY: You don't get the rich smoky flavor either.
HANK: Shut your mouth! Now, we're going to sit here and pray.

BILL: Well, I should probably go vomit. Back in a jiff.

BILL: What are you doing here?
LENORE: I think the real question is, why did I ever leave?
BILL: You said it was because I was fat and bald and got jealous every time you had a date.

BILL: I'm a mature man, older but wiser. And Lenore is older but still pretty.
DALE: True, Lenore is ten times hotter than Ann Richards. And Ann Richards is hot!

HANK: I'm not going to force propane on you. That's an insult to propane and to you.

BOBBY: You lied, Mom.
PEGGY: No, Bobby, I came to my senses. All of them, except for taste.

LENORE: So whose birthday is it?
BILL: Mine.
LENORE: Oh, I'm sorry, baby, I didn't get you anything.
BILL: That's okay, your presence is my present. I can't wait to take you home and unwrap you. And then have sex!

LENORE: I'm dating a man who dumped Ann Richards! That's like me dumping Ann Richards!

BILL: You know, Lenore, I've been thinking, I never really got around to signing those divorce papers.
LENORE: Oh, that's okay... I forged your signature. William in script, Dauterive in capital letters, just like you do.
BILL: You know me so well.
LENORE: I know your mother's maiden name, your social security number, what foods will kill you. If I didn't care so much about you, I could ruin your life.
BILL: Lenore, will you marry me?
LENORE: Bill, it wouldn't work out. You live in Arlen and I live in... well, I probably shouldn't tell you where I live.

GOVERNOR RICHARDS: I'm the keynote speaker at a Hell's Angels rally.

GOVERNOR RICHARDS: Bill, when somebody serves you humble pie, why do you keep going back for seconds?

GOVERNOR RICHARDS: Now blow her a kiss!
BILL: No. Does that mean we've still got a chance?
GOVERNOR RICHARDS: No. But it does mean you've still got a chance.
JERRY: You got something, kid.
BOBBY: Got what? Moxie? Chutzpah? Pizazz?

JERRY: You can't just put your hand inside his body. You've got to get inside his head. Who is Chip Block? I'll tell you. He's the best athlete ever to attend All-America High. Every boy wants to be his pal, every girl wants to be his gal. But I'm sorry, ladies, he's saving it for marriage.

PEGGY: Hank, what is it about models that rock stars find so attractive?

HANK: "Fluttering butterflies?" Not in this house.

HANK: My son is playing with dolls. There, I said it.
DALE: He's a sissy. There, I said that.

BILL: How do you do that, Bobby?
HANK: He's using show business.

BOBBY: Raw eggs? Haven't you heard of salmonella?
CHIP: Relax, kid. If I wanted to kill you, I'd challenge you to a push-up contest.

OCTAVIO: 11:15 a.m. The man and the boy and the puppet leave the house.
DALE: 11:16. Octavio speaks into tape recorder. Thus leaving crucial evidence! Stupid idiot! Octavio must be gotten rid of. "Dear Octavio: This is the hardest letter I've ever had to write..."

DALE: I would like to purchase some chloroform, a roll of duct tape, and this gagging bandana.

HANK: How'd you learn so much about golf?
BOBBY: I've seen Happy Gilmore fifty times.
HANK: I hate Adam Sandler.
CHIP: Yeah, he's all poo-poo jokes. You don't have to work blue to be funny.
HANK: Amen to that.
BOBBY: Dad, I think I'm starting to get a ventriloquist's tan.
HANK: Nobody likes a whiner, Bobby. Right, Chip?

BOBBY: When you and Chip were partners, did you ever get the feeling that the audience liked Chip better?
JERRY: Of course. Chip was the star. And he got paid better too. That's a joke from my act.
BOBBY: Didn't that make you crazy?
JERRY: Of course it did. I wanted to be known for more than just Chip Block. At one point I even shelved him and hit the road solo. I did sound effects. I was the first guy to do windshield wipers. Squeak-eek squeak-eek squeak-eek squeak-eek... A few weeks later the audiences stopped coming. After my second cry for help, I decided it was better to be on the edge of the spotlight than not be there at all.
BOBBY: Yeah, I hear you.

HANK: I'm kicking your ass through that thing!
DALE: You wouldn't hit an unconscious maaaaaa.... (passes out)

HANK: What do we really need Chip for anyway?
BOBBY: Now you're talking!
HANK: Yep. Think about it. If we build a new Chip, we can make him perfect. Don't get me wrong, Chip was great, but his neck was really too thick to play football, at least competitively, and if his ears didn't stick out so much, he could wear a helmet. I'll be at my work bench, cobbling together something I can be proud of.

PEGGY: Your son is throwing a football in the air and doing his damndest to catch it. Maybe he'd get a few less bruises if you spent some time with him.
HANK: That's why I'm trying to finish the new Chip A.S.A.P. So we can spend time with Bobby again.
PEGGY: Well, all right, then, I will let you play with your doll. Oh, and if you have any lumber left over, you might want to use it to carve the wife you've always wanted, too.

DUMMY BOBBY: Hey, isn't Iron Chef on?
BOBBY: Yeah! Let's go watch Iron Chef!
HANK: You know, the Rangers are playing the Yankees right now, and...
DUMMY BOBBY: Iron Chef! Iron Chef!
BOBBY: Iron Chef! Iron Chef! Sorry, Dad, it's two against one.
HANK: Yeah, I guess you're right.
PEGGY: Personally, I like the "La Crepes Suzettes."
TAMMI: Get out! You talk French?
PEGGY: Oui, oui.

TAMMI: My mama and I haven't talked since I dropped out of school. Or maybe it was since I totalled her 'Vette.
PEGGY: Your mother drove a Corvette?
TAMMI: Chevette.

PEGGY: The Thai food was Tammi's idea. The notion of taking it out was mine.
LUANNE: You know, someday I would like to travel through Thairabia and see those pyramids.

PEGGY: If Helen Keller can graduate from college, you can certainly get your GED.

BOBBY: This calls for a celebration. I'm staying up till eleven!

DALE: That Tammi's quite a dish. Frankly, though, I think Nancy has a nicer can. Hank, do you think Nancy has a nicer can than Tammi's can? Huh? My wife's can vis-a-vis your wife's friend's can?

PEGGY: She is gonna make someone a great wife, but it'll have to be someone who can hold her interest. Her dates never last more than an hour.

TAMMI: "Congo, by Michael Critch-ton." This is the kind of book that people read on planes!

COTTON: I hope you cleaned the bed-liner in your truck. I don't want no dirt on Hitler's canoe!

TAMMI: I think I would remember you.
COTTON: Don't be too sure, sweet-cheeks... I've been known to give a girl amneesee.

DALE: All right, if no one's gonna say it to you, Hank, I'll say it: I am jealous of that hat!

ALABASTER: Miss Tammi Duvall works for me. I am her manager.
HANK: Well, now she works for me. I'm her manager. Technically assistant manager.

HANK: You get out your hooker-stuff of my house!

TAMMI: Dude, nobody thinks you're a pimp. But if you were a pimp, you'd be the coolest, nicest, most awesome pimp there ever was.

PEGGY: Hank, what are you doing?
HANK: Getting him right where I want him.
HANK: Ha!
HANK: What! He ran a red! You can't do that!

TAMMI: Hank, don't! Alabaster's a little guy, but he'll mess you up.
HANK: No offense, but he's from Oklahoma.

HANK: I am the mack daddy of Heimlich County. I play it straight up, yo. You get the hell out of my hood. She's my ho now!
ALABASTER: All right, man, you can have her. I got a whole stable full of hos workin' for me in the OK-C.

ALABASTER: Yo, how much you want for that Jasper brunette?
HANK: That is my wife!
ALABASTER: Man, that's the biggest mistake a pimp could make, marryin' one of his hos.

HANK: The only woman I'm pimping from now on is Sweet Lady Propane. And I'm tricking her out all over this town.
ZACK: No hard feelings, but it's over, Linda.
LUANNE: Linda? That's not how my name is pronounced.

LUANNE: If Zack had told me he was going to act like such a butt, I would've never slept with him.
HANK: You what? Oh, no! That means you're not...
LUANNE: Uncle Hank, I quit being a virgin the first time I had sex.
HANK: Nobody likes a quitter, Luanne.
LUANNE: Zack liked me. And so did Buckley, and Rad, and Rad's ex-best friend... I think they liked me...
HANK: You know, Luanne, there's somebody who'll love you more if you don't put out. Why don't we swing by His bachelor pad?

REVEREND STROUP: Mr. and Mrs. Hill, are you willing to be Luanne's virginity sponsors?
HANK: Sponsors? You mean like what the drunks have?
REVEREND STROUP: Mr. Hill, a celibacy sponsor is like an offensive linesman for the virgin quarterback. The other team is going to be coming on strong. So Luanne needs you to get in there and block, or she might very well get sacked.
HANK: Well, that's not in the Bible, but it should be.

REVEREND STROUP: Who's ready to engage in a frank and open discussion of fornication?
HANK: May I remind you that there is a picture of Jesus behind that ping-pong table?
REVEREND STROUP: Oh, yes, thanks, Hank: There will be ping-pong and pasta salad after we finish.

ASSISTANT PASTOR LARRY: We're going to kick things off by testifying to the number of sexual partners each of us has had: Four. So close to five... Hank?
HANK: What? Oh, uh, no thank you. I'm just a sponsor.
ASSISTANT PASTOR LARRY: Yes, and as a role model for our emergin' virgins, your testimony could make the difference between going all the way, and going all the way to heaven.

PEGGY: He said, "Peggy, I think I might be gay." And this was back when being gay in Texas was not as much fun as it is now. We decided the only way to know for sure was to test him with Peggy Platter. So we went back to his place, gently pushed aside his decorative throw pillows, and... ho yeah.
LUANNE: Did you fix him?
PEGGY: Oh, no, Luanne, he was not broken. Just gay. Very, very gay.

LUANNE: Woo-hoo! I'm a virgin!

HANK: All right, everyone here who hasn't had pre-marital sex gets ice cream!

NANCY: Well, I wouldn't tell him.

LUANNE: No sex equals great sex! No sex equals great sex!

CONNIE: I am not having sex until at least my sophomore year at Harvard.
BOBBY: You heard her. Not until our sophomore year at Harvard.
LUANNE: Your virginity is in danger now! You need to sign this abstinence pledge card before you discover how wonderful sex feels!
DOOLEY: Keep talking.
LUANNE: Okay: In addition to heaven, there are other benefits to this pledge. You also get a 10% discount on CDs, books, bowling and video games, and a free MP3 player if you sign up ten other virgins.

HANK: Boy, we're lucky. When we were eighteen, we were already married. Otherwise, who knows what kind of trouble we'd have gotten into... with each other, of course. Thank God for my free-weights and your strong moral fiber.
PEGGY: My virtue is not the issue here, Hank. This is about Luanne.
HANK: That's what scares me, she's got nowhere near your upbringing or self-control. I'll be damned if I'm going to raise her baby.

HANK: This is my niece Luanne. She loves bowling and self-control.

RHETT: You wanna bowl? It's totally not a sin.

BOBBY: Oh, sure, TV and movies may make pre-marital sex look good, but it's dangerous! It's caused broken hearts, broken homes, depression.

HANK: Tonight's the night of the Abstinence Dance. I promised Luanne I'd help her and Rhett chaperone... you know, make sure the kids have a good time, but not a great one.

DOOLEY: I saw her panties.

LUANNE: I feel so safe with you, Rhett. With Rad, my last committed on-again off-again relationship, everything we did always seemed to lead to sex.
RHETT: God, Luanne. Sounds terrible.
LUANNE: Oh, it was! Did you know that the changing table at Whataburger is strong enough to hold up one person but not two?
RHETT: I thought people only had sex in bed. Or the shower. That could work, right? Or is there enough room to lie down?
LUANNE: Oh, real virgins are so cute.

LUANNE: Don't you want me to get married?
PEGGY: Of course I do, honey, but not to Rhett. When we meet the right guy for you, we'll know.
LUANNE: I may be a virgin, but I have been around the block a few times, and I know when someone's talking down at me!
PEGGY: I am just trying to protect you from your feelings, thoughts and instincts.

HANK: You stay here and think about what you did... and what I didn't get to do.

LUANNE: The guy at the rental place said that most of the women who wore this dress are still married.

LUANNE: I'm gonna be Mrs. Rhett Vandergraaf.
HANK: The Vandergraafs!

RHETT: I'm sorry, Mr. Hill, I've waited 22 years, I couldn't wait another week.
LUANNE: You're 22?

PEGGY: Listen to me, Luanne, getting married just so you can have sex is a big mistake. If I had married the first person I slept with, I would have married Wayne Trotter. I never would have gone sock-skating with Hank on the linoleum of our first studio apartment. I would have missed the way he tosses and turns the night before Flag Day... the pride I felt the first time he used one of my shirts as a rag. If I had done what you're thinking of doing, Luanne, I never would have met the love of my life.

LUANNE: Aunt Peggy was right. We were just getting married so we could fornicate without you or God gettin' mad at us. But you and Aunt Peggy are the ones who should be fornicatin'.

HANK: Peggy, I can see your whatnots.

LUANNE: I think someone's going to lose her virginity. Not me! No, no! Aunt Peggy!
DALE: Gentlemen, you are looking at the winner of the first annual Durndle County mower races, stock class.
HANK: Mower races? Well, good for Durndle!

PEGGY: What is it with you mower racers and your stubborn code of honor? I go to the doctor whenever I am incapacitated, and it does not make me any less of a man.

DR. TATE: Mr. Hill, you have a compression of the discs in your lower back.
HANK: Uh-huh. Do you get a lot of this in your patients who race mowers?
DR. TATE: A lawnmower didn't cause this. It's genetic.
PEGGY: Genetic as in fatal?
DR. TATE: No. Mr. Hill, you were born with no muscle mass here, no cushioning. For years you've basically been sitting on your spine. You suffer from a disease called Diminished Gluteal Syndrome, or DGS.
HANK: I don't understand. What does that mean?
DR. TATE: Mr. Hill, you have no ass.

HANK: You want me to wear a fake heiny?
DR. TATE: Mr. Hill, are your shoes fake feet?

COTTON: Good Lord, Hank, you're wearin' butt-boobies!
HANK: It's not for my buttocks, it's for my back.
COTTON: Didi, put your fake ta-tas next to Hank's. We'll see who has the bigger melons!

DALE: What information have you brought me, Octavio?
OCTAVIO: Bill is losing weight, jefe. He is eating only oranges and ham sandwiches.
DALE: Blast! We will still win, but we must train twice as hard. Octavio, release the chicken.

PEGGY: Hank, Mr. Strickland just called. There is a propane emergency out in McMaynerbury.
HANK: McMaynerbury? When will they learn?

DAVE: Your wife told me about your awful incident with your orthodic. I shared it with the group.
HANK: I don't know what you're talking about. I am not even confirming that I have a wife.

HANK: Peggy, don't ever report a false propane emergency again.
PEGGY: Believe me, I prayed on it, Hank. And God told me "Don't do it." But you know what? I knew better!

HANK: Don't worry, son, you probably won't get DGS, but if you do, you can wear a gluteal orthodic and sit anywhere you want.
BOBBY: Yeah, but sooner or later someone'll find out, and they'll laugh. And I want people laughing at me because I'm shoving broccoli up my nose, not because there's something wrong with me.

HANK: We'll be an unbeatable team! The Diminished Glutes!

PEGGY: I'm sorry, Hank. I just don't know what it's like. Because obviously, I have got it goin' on back there.

DALE: All right, Octavio, now that the inspection is over, hook up the nitrous oxide to my engine.
OCTAVIO: That's illegal, no?
DALE: Yes. But it'll give me a boost of speed. Add that to the natural quickness of the Mason 5000, and I just might overcome my weak driving skills.

PEGGY: He blew out his left cheek!
BOBBY: Oh, no! That's his pivot cheek!

MEN: We're here! No rear! Get used to it!

HANK: Peggy, to the medical supply store. I need some new cheeks.
PEGGY: Bobby, I'll have you know I consider myself one of the great environmentalists of our time.

MR. McKAY: Propane just perpetuates the whole culture of backyard barbecues. Paper plates. Plastic forks. Meat!
HANK: I've sold three grills today using those exact words, but with a more positive attitude.

HANK: Hey, this isn't the Bible, it's a Harry Potter book!
EMILY: We're not allowed to bring the Bible to school.

CLARK: I'm not a lawyer, I'm just a kid. But you, sir, disgust me!

BOBBY: I throw my insane client on the mercy of the court.

DALE: Wait a minute! Kid Dy-no-mite has got it! Why don't we take Boomhauer's car for a joyride?
HANK: Joyride? That sounds fun. And you know what would be even more fun? If after we drive it, we fill it with gas, so the next time Boomhauer uses it, he's like, "How'd that happen?"

DALE: The left brake's not working!

HANK: Boomhauer thinks some Yankees came and stole his car, and he's going to go to his grave thinking that.
DALE: Boomhauer's grave? Are you suggesting we kill Boomhauer? Well, you're the boss.

BOBBY: If you stop using newspapers, I can give you a coupon for twenty dollars off your first purchase of a windmill.
LUANNE: I'm sorry, I can't help you, Bobby... I don't use newspapers.

BOBBY: I thought you said that tree-huggers like me and Mr. McKay were a bunch of noodle-brained Communists.
HANK: No! No! Heh-heh. No, no, no! Heh-heh. No.
BOBBY: This is great! I'm gonna get extra credit for bringing you all on board! We're gonna save itchy algae!
HANK: Yeah! Itchy algae!
DALE: Earth first! Make Mars our bitch!

BOBBY: This is the first time in my life I've gotten you to change your mind about something. Which of my arguments did you love the most?
HANK: Oh, you know... spaceship earth... we're all in this together... random acts of whatnot.

COUNCILMAN EBBERD: Hank, I understand how you and your fringe minority feel, but that quarry is just a festering stinkhole that the hobos use as a giant toilet. We're better off without it. Let's turn trash into cash!
BILL: Their slogan's better than ours.

HANK: I've got a plan. Dale, we're gonna need your scuba gear.
DALE: Why?
HANK: Because they can't find Boomhauer's car if it's not there.
DALE: But it is there.
BILL: Maybe we should use Dale's scuba gear to pull the car out.
DALE: Now that's a plan, Hank!

BOBBY: I should see if my dad wants the peanut butter and lentil sandwich or the soy eggs and soysage.

DALE: They'll try to pin it on me. And since I did it, they will succeed.

HANK: You called Boomhauer on me? But why?
BOBBY: You acted like an "environmental nutjob" for a week? But why?

DALE: Could you give us a lift?
BOOMHAUER: Man, I tell you what, you dang ol' drove it here, man, you can dang ol' drive it back... dang ol' traitor, man.

BOBBY: How long should we stay angry at my dad?
BOOMHAUER: Well, I tell you, Bobby, time goin' take for me, man... life's too short... don't want to hold no dang ol' grudge... I'd say two weeks... prob'ly three.
BOBBY: You know, Mr. Boomhauer, I can see why my dad's always quoting you.
STATION MANAGER: Hey, puppet girl! Can you read?

LUANNE: Anyways, it's gonna keep raining and hailing and thundering and lightninging for a while, so hug your babies tight!

NANCY: I used to think these lines gave me integrity as a weather journalist. But who am I kidding? They're just wrinkles.
DALE: I blame the mirror. I've seen a mirror turn an ordinary man ten feet tall, and another mirror turn the same man three feet short. That man was me.
NANCY: I'm getting old, Dale, and I'm in the younger-prettier business.

NANCY: I just want to look like me twenty years ago.
DALE: What's this facectomy gonna run us?
PLASTIC SURGEON: Five thousand.
DALE: It'll take us twenty years to save that kind of money. And then you'll have to make her look forty years younger, and we'll never be able to afford that!

REYNOLDS PENLAND: Don't underestimate this guy. He's the only customer in our database who's earned every item in our gift catalogue. He'd have to smoke 90,000 cigarettes just to get the satin team jacket.

DALE: They subpoenaed my records. That's the first step. The second step will be to kidnap everyone I've ever known and erase their memories. The third step will be to kill me!
HANK: Dale, they're suing you, they're not going to kill you.
DALE: Wake up, Hank! These people kill 400,000 of their own satisfied customers every year!

DALE: Wow! Luanne is one hot fudge sundae with two big scoops!

DALE: These people are amateurs to be trifled with. In the spirit of Akido: sh-sh-sh-sha!

DALE: Nancy's a terrible actress. Remember how her Liza Doolittle "did little" for the critics? For my insults to be effective, Nancy must remain completely in the dark, her reactions real and unscripted, like a Dean Martin roast.

DALE: Nancy, dear, your smoke-ravaged face is making me nauseous. Would you mind putting this bag over your head so I can make love to you?

LUANNE: Wow, Mrs. Gribble, you look... terrible. Here, try this new moisturizing cream. I use it on days when I don't look my best. It's not even opened!

LUANNE: I just came to support Mrs. Gribble and to give her some more makeups.

BILL: Beefaroni's fun to eat...
DALE: Beefaroni's really neat...
BILL: Beefaroni's quite a treat...
Hurray!
DALE: Yippee!
BILL & DALE: For Beefaroni!

BILL: I can't take it anymore! Nancy's gone, she is gone, and it's breaking my heart!
DALE: She's coming back, Bill.
BILL: No, she is not! You are living a lie! She's never coming back. They never, ever do. You think they will, but they won't.
DALE: Bill, you're scaring me. Weren't we just having fun?
BILL: Yes! Believe me, I want you to get a divorce. That way you'll be here all the time. Secretly I was glad your stupid plan backfired, so I wouldn't be alone anymore. But this isn't right.

LAWYER: The love affair between juries and tobacco companies has cooled.

DALE: Mr. Gribble, I hold in my hand People Magazine's "50 Most Beautiful People" issue. Are you familiar with this Time-Warner publication?
LAWYER: Objection! How is this relevant?
DALE: Your honor, I intend to establish the witness's impossibly high standard of beauty.
JUDGE: I'll allow it, but I want to see where this is going.
DALE: Thank you, your honor. Mr. Gribble, turning to page 16 of this magazine, can you identify the individual pictured thereon?
PEGGY: Oh.
DALE: Not you, the prettier woman next to you. Would the woman in the sunglasses and hat please remove her sunglasses? And hat?
JUDGE: May I remind the witness and his "attorney" that the entire basis of his damage claim rests upon his wife's appearance. One of you answer the question!
DALE: She is the most beautiful woman in the world to me, and I want her back more than anything. If anything, I owe Manitoba money for the loveliness my second-hand smoke has bestowed upon my Nancy.

DALE: I'm so sorry, Nancy. I just wanted to make you think you were ugly so if you testified, you wouldn't have to lie.
NANCY: Oh, that's so romantic.
DALE: It's romantic and cunning. I'm the whole package.
BOBBY: Connie, come back! Oh! You are forcing me to protect you!

DALE: With the finest lotions, the softest tissues, and the most pleasing lighting design, the Port-a-Gribble will be a four-by-five-by-eight foot slice of paradise.
BILL: Finally, a vacation I can afford.

BILL: I feel like I'm a millionaire construction worker.

HANK: Peggy, if we get his bike, we'll be getting it for him until he's 16. Then we'll be getting his truck.

BOBBY: Fine, I'll go get the bike. Just make sure you videotape my chef programs while I'm in the coma.

SECURITY GUARD: I know it's tough in there for a freshman. They're animals. I got some advice for you: puff out your chest and walk like this. I saw a gorilla do that on a nature show. Scared the hell out of me.

BOBBY: Taco Bueno in high school? I thought that was just an urban legend.

BOBBY: Put me down! My growth is stunted. My kidneys are broken. I'm really a senior.
SENIOR: Like that kid on that old TV show?
BOBBY: Yes, exactly like that kid on that old TV show.

BOBBY: Wow, your cheerleaders really have boobies.
SENIOR: Yeah. Even Junior Varsity has them.

MR. STRICKLAND: Hank, pay the toilet man.

CONNIE: Bobby, they're sold out of prom tickets. It turns out all those nerds who said they had girlfriends at other schools weren't lying.
BOBBY: Well, then, come with me to the high school prom. We're gonna have No Doubt playing.
CONNIE: The high school prom? Me, at the high school prom! Hanging out with Arlen's best teachers!

BOBBY: That's a high school girl I know from the children's hospital. She has a little tail. Not like a monkey, more like a hamster. They can't operate, so they're dissolving it with Compound W.
GIRL: Oh, that brave little Hamster Girl.

CONNIE: I thought they liked you because you're cool, not pitied you because you're a freak.
BOBBY: No, I have the medical condition. You're the freak. We've got to keep our stories straight or we're never gonna pull it off.

DALE: Here at Port-a-Gribble, we reserve the right to refuse service to no one. No shoes, no shirt, yes service!

DOOLEY: You got soaked.

BIG SENIOR: Yeah, soak in it! Soak in your lies, Kidney Boy!

GWEN STEFANI: I just got some terrible news. This next song is dedicated to the memory of Kidney Boy.
GUITARIST: Poor Kidney Boy.
PEGGY: Do not forget tonight's extra credit assignment.
DOOLEY: You're just a sub. You can't give extra credit.
PEGGY: Not towards your grades, no. But you will get extra credit with me, and those Peggy Points add up.

PEGGY: Hank, why don't you want me to go to Mexico? Is it the exchange rate?
HANK: No, it's just that the Spanish they speak down there is... you know... fluent.
PEGGY: And mine isn't? In fact, I am so fluent, I may tutor a few Mexican kids while I'm down there! How do you like that?

PEGGY: Bobby, if you ever marry a Spanish teacher... and you probably will... never doubt her enormous gifts.

BOOMHAUER: Yeah, Hank, flirtin' your way out of a little ol' ticket, man... didn't know you had it in you.
HANK: I was not flirting. I didn't even mention that I worked in propane.

DOOLEY: My chicken's the star of the show.

DOOLEY: I drank the water.
PEGGY: Uh-uh: en Espanol.
DOOLEY: Tu eres puerca. ["You are a pig"]
PEGGY: Muy bueno.

LUPE: Yo vivo in Mexico. ["I live in Mexico"]
PEGGY: Yes, "Long live Mexico." Now where are your parents?

LUPE: "My parents have no telephone."
PEGGY: Oh, no. She refuses to call her parents because they hate her. Lupe, tu madre amore mucho, mucho.
LUPE: "I have no idea what you're saying, but it had better not be anything about my mother."
PEGGY: I was afraid of this. Now she wishes I were her mother.

PEGGY: I smuggled that girl into this country without even knowing it. Don't you think I can smuggle her back if I put my mind to it?

PEGGY: Do not worship me. Worship my actions.

PEGGY: You are creating an incident internationale!

LAWYER: The charges against your wife are quite serious, but I have a brilliant plan. I intend to show that her Spanish is so poor, she could barely order a glass of water, much less order that child to do anything.
PEGGY: That is completely untrue! And if that goes down on the Mehican records, my teaching career is tostada. Uh-uh. I am very fluent. Listen to me roll my "r"s: rrrr! rrrr! I rrrrest my case!

HANK: Mr. Ortiz, I hate to disagree with you, but my wife speaks perfect Spanish. You must put her on the stand...
LAWYER: But that is crazy!
HANK: ...So that she can tell her story in her own words. In Spanish.
LAWYER: Ah. Of course.

LAWYER: Mrs. Hill, in your own words... your own Spanish words... please tell the judge what happened with little Lupe.
MR. STRICKLAND: You get me that money yourself! The mother of my bastard is all over me for more child support.
HANK: Well, I understand. I have a boy of my own.

COTTON: Oh, I'm sorry, I must have dropped that money somewhere in the Philippines... fighting for your freedom, you damn draft-dodger!
VETERAN: You mean to tell me that this bloodsucking goniff never served his country?
COTTON: 4-F. Got out on account of his narrow urethra! The only uniform he ever wore was the Boy Scouts.
HANK: I made it to Eagle Scout. And Dad, you know the war was over. Besides, I tried to enlist, but the army felt I wouldn't be able to relieve myself efficiently under duress, especially in front of others.

PEGGY: Let's do our shopping before the Salvation Army invades! Oh, I should get a medal for wit! And you know what I would call that medal? I would call it the... the... I don't know.

COTTON: Get your war memorabilia here! All items must go! Amuse your friends and thrill the ladies with an authentic Nazi skull, priced to move!

COTTON: This ain't just any canoe! This is Hitler's canoe! Five hundred.
EUSTACE: Look, I'm just buying it for a camping trip. It's going to cost me forty dollars just to paint over the swastika on the side.

EUSTACE: It's the maroon Mitsubishi.
COTTON: Mitsubishi? They made the planes that bombed Pearl Harbor! I ain't sellin' Hitler's canoe to no traitor!
EUSTACE: We had a verbal agreement.
COTTON: You don't deserve no Hitler's canoe! The deal is off!
HANK: Dad, calm down.
COTTON: Don't tell me to calm down, Boy Scout! I'm a war hero! I killed fi'ty men! Hop on your sushi-boat and git! If you're drivin' a Nazi car or an Italian scooter, get your Axis-lovin' ass out of here!

PEGGY: They looked like little angels sleeping there. The smell was unimaginable.

PEGGY: I know a Vietnam vet. Dr. Sardi, my gynecologist.
HANK: They needed those guys over there?

COTTON: Vietnam boys? No got-dang way! The VFW stands for Veterans of Foreign Wars, not Reefer-Smokin' Losers!

LEADER: The Arlen VFW has ignored us for thirty years. Heck, the Vietcong invited us back before you did, and they gave us free mopeds for the week.

RONNIE: One time my buddy Lenny was showing me a picture of his wife. Wind comes up out of nowhere, blows the picture away. Lenny went chasing after it, and a sniper got him in the right temple. My best friend got killed just because he missed his wife.
STINKY: I spent four years away from my wife, in dogfights over the Pacific. Those four years with my F-6 Hellcat were the only peace and quiet I ever had!

LEADER: You could use some therapy too, to clear up some of that anger.
TOPSY: I haven't slept in fifty years. So tired.

COTTON: No, this ain't a flashback! You're losin' again!

HANK: I'm sorry, Dad. I guess it was a bad idea to get everyone together. I guess I just...
COTTON: Dangit, Hank, don't apologize! You did everything right. I screwed up. Sometimes you can do everything right and still lose. It ain't your fault. You gave it everything you had, that's all I ever asked from my men. Thanks for trying, soldier.
RONNIE: That's all we ever wanted to hear. "You did your best." "Thanks for trying."
COTTON: Well, I gotta say I'm surprised you fellas are as good as you is. Shoot, you captured Cotton Hill! The whole Nazi army couldn't do that. As commanding officer of the local VFW post, I would be honored to have you join our organization, on one condition... that you stop all this got-dang bawling!

COTTON: You're in a long line, behind cable, hooch and skootch.

COTTON: You ever get shot?
RONNIE: I got a plate in my head.
COTTON: No kidding? I got no shins!
PEGGY: Hank, all my life I have always had all the answers. And today I didn't, and I'm scared. What if I'm really not as smart as I think I am?
HANK: Come on, Peggy, you've got an I.Q. of 170. You've said so lots of times.
PEGGY: Yes, but there could be a margin of error, especially when it's just my own estimate. Hank, I have never taken an I.Q. test in my life. Oh, God, what if I'm average? Do you have any idea how dumb "average" is?

BOBBY: "The only intelligence testing site endorsed by the Intelligence Institute of Texas." Even I sound smart reading that!

DALE: So they administer the test, and they sell the books. Sounds like she is getting ripped off by they... m.
HANK: Now wait a minute...
DALE: You're getting scammed, and I should know. I lost a bundle to that Gypsy modeling school.

DR. VAYZOSA: You're all familiar with the benefits of a PhD degree?
JIMMY: The clock at the bank once said 110 degrees!

TUG: If I had a PhD, I'd stop being a sports announcer and start calling chess games and such.

JIMMY: I'm Jimmy. I work at the racetrack, where the cars race. If I was Doctor Jimmy, nobody would call me stupid.
PEGGY: "Doctor Jimmy" does have a ring to it.
JIMMY: Hey, I thought of it first!
PEGGY: Well, I know, but...
JIMMY: Give it back! Give it back to me!

PEGGY: I must admit I'm surprised to see Jimmy Witchard here. I'm quite familiar with the man, and his... work, and I...
DR. VAYZOSA: Peggy, if you dropped a bunch of toothpicks in front of him, you'd understand why we at the Institute expect great things from Jimmy Witchard.

HANK: They could have rigged that test so anyone would look like a genius.
PEGGY: Anyone, Hank...?
LUANNE: I'm a genius!

HANK: Peggy, I'm going to put this in terms even a genius can understand: you are no genius.

HANK: You've got what they call book smarts. Now, if we wanted to write a story about you losing our money, well, hands down, you're the one for the job. But if we want to do something that takes street smarts, like getting our money back from the jerk who stole it, then I'm the guy.
PEGGY: I can take care of it, Hank. Luckily, I have enough faith in me for the both of us.

PEGGY: Things are not always as they appear to be. This looks like I pulled my thumb off, but...
JIMMY: Aaagh! She pulled her thumb off! Call a doctor!

JIMMY: We gonna con him! Con him good!

OLD WOMAN: Vayzosa's already taken us for $8,000. If I lose this, I'll have to be buried at sea.
PEGGY: You have my word, they will put you in the ground. And that goes for all of you.

CASHIER: Welcome to the gambling parlor. May I take your bet, sir?
DR. VAYZOSA: Yeah, two thousand on Scott Yancey at 2-to-1.
CASHIER: Two thousand! It's almost like you have a hot tip.

PEGGY: I should have listened to you, but I didn't. While you were talking, I was humming a song inside my head just waiting for you to stop.

PEGGY: Thanks, Boomhauer. I knew I could count on you not to talk.
BOOMHAUER: Yo, man.

BOBBY: Mom, I know a magician's not supposed to reveal...
PEGGY: Here's how I did it. I knew Vayzosa was too smart to fall for a straight-up con, but that overconfidence would prove to be his fatal flaw. I ran an obvious bad con to distract him from my secret brilliant con. But there was one thing I was missing: a bellowing dupe whose incessant need to protect his helpless wife would drive Vayzosa to stash all his money in his room safe. Luckily, I had you, Hank. Thanks to you, Bobby.
HANK: Okay, so I doubted you like you thought I would. But what if I didn't? What if I had believed in you? Then where would we be?
PEGGY: I covered that base too. Vayzosa valet-parked his car.
HANK: So?
PEGGY: The Econo-Suites don't have valet parking.
HANK: Oh, you were going to steal his car. That would have been a felony. But that other stuff, that's genius.
KAHN: Lights out at 9:30. After that, no laughing. No singing.
MINH: No flashlights. No ghost stories.
KAHN: No nothing except sleep!

SUSAN: I'd leave, but I already paid your dad for the continental breakfast.

KAHN: This is a sleepover, not a play-music-loud-all-night-over!

KAHN: Bobby Hill, out the window! Chane, you and your friends may use the door.

BOBBY: So taking those boxing lessons kept the bullies from picking on you?
HANK: Heh, heh, heh... bullies? Picking on me? Heh, heh, heh... uh, yeah, sure, why not?

INSTRUCTOR: Every one of you in this class is heavily armed right now. That's right: your keychains, your fists, that huge engagement ring... Are you sure you're in the right class? This is women's self-defense.
BOBBY: Please, ma'am, all the other courses were full.
INSTRUCTOR: I'm sorry, it's for women only. We're trying to maintain a certain comfort level here.
BOBBY: But I hate men as much as you.
INSTRUCTOR: I don't hate men, I just hate being a victim.
BOBBY: I hate being a victim too! Look, I was at a girls slumber party last night when three men pushed me to the ground and made me eat dirt.
INSTRUCTOR: Okay, you can stay. Now grab a whistle and prepare to be empowered! Most women who are attacked are subdued by verbal threats. Today we're going to get used to hearing these threats, keeping our cool, and practicing some responses of our own to the most vulnerable areas of a man's anatomy.
ASSISTANT: Shut up and give me your purse!
INSTRUCTOR: I don't know you! That's my purse! Okay, I want everyone to try that. You first. See? I don't hate men.
ASSISTANT: Give me your purse!
BOBBY: That's... my purse?
INSTRUCTOR: Don't be afraid to shout it! That's my purse! Try again.
BOBBY: That's my purse! I don't know you!

BOBBY: Mom! Dad! Chane Wasonasong was waiting for me after school.
PEGGY: Did you remember to tell him that inside every bully there's a coward?

HANK: Well, all right, son! You know, that Chane Wasonasong must know all kinds of Oriental martial arts, and you beat him with good old American YMCA know-how.

JOSEPH: My dad says that whenever you're in a jail-type situation, the best way to survive is to take out the biggest guy there. That way you establish who's boss right from the get-go. Or you can hang yourself with your pants. He says that's another way to go.

BOBBY: I didn't go looking for trouble. Trouble came a-knockin' and Bobby Hill's foot answered the door.

CLARK: What are you gonna do? Are you gonna kick me in the nads?
BOBBY: Am I gonna do it? Yes. When am I gonna do it? Don't know. Could be tomorrow... now! One thing you'll find out about me, Clark, is that I'm not a very patient person.

PEGGY: What did I do? It was your idea to send him to the "Y" in the first place, so if anything, I could point the finger at you! But I won't. But I could.

HANK: This, Bobby, is the belt-line. You never, ever hit below that. Always above. Never below. Cassius Clay never hit below the belt.
BOBBY: But, Dad, if I'm in a fight with someone who wants me to literally eat dirt, you're telling me I shouldn't do the one thing that's gonna save me.
HANK: You learned the move in a women's self-defense class. You are not a woman.
BOBBY: But it works!

HANK: You leave your face open, you're gonna get popped. See? Pop! Pop! Pop!
BOBBY: You left yourself open, Dad. Pop pop!

PEGGY: What about... the other one?
MEDIC: We can't find it. But there's no cause for alarm. It'll probably turn up once the swelling goes down.

BILL: I wish I had a son to kick me in the nuts.
DALE: Be careful what you wish for.

CONNIE: You kicked your father? We all have those feelings, Bobby, but you never act on them!

KAHN: I heard what you did to Chane Wasonasong. Unforgivable! But then I heard what you did to your father. Very funny. So I'm conflicted.

PEGGY: That's right, Bobby, I believe you will find that I have no testicles. Where's your secret weapon now?
KAHN: She bluffing! Finish her!

BOBBY: What are you so proud about? You had to get Mom to fight your battle for you. That's worse than me kicking below the belt.
HANK: Yeah, it's not so fun when someone else doesn't fight fair, is it? Just remember, I can get her to do that any time I want.
HANK: There better be a naked cheerleader under your bed.

PEGGY: Home Ec is not going to turn Bobby into a sissy. In prison movies, the toughest characters always work in the kitchen.

PEGGY: There's no rule that says only women can do housework and only men can have careers. I can do both. I am what the magazines call a superwoman!
BOBBY: I like Superwoman.
PEGGY: Oh, thank you.

PEGGY: Yes, Bobby, I can handle the heat, so get out of my kitchen. Because with pork, the slightest mistake could kill us all.

HANK: Why is the table covered with yard waste?
PEGGY: Hank, it is not yard waste. Or it will not be when I am through with it. It will be our stunning new Thanksgiving centerpiece, made entirely of yard waste!
HANK: Don't touch it, Bobby. Those nests could be full of fleas and ticks.
PEGGY: Not if you take the birds out. They'll build another nest. They're not just gonna let their eggs sit there on the sidewalk!

PEGGY: Imagine if the man you love found some other woman to cook for him, and clean for him, and make his pants.
ERNST: Who is this other woman?
PEGGY: The other woman is my son! And he may be getting an "A" in Home Ec, but at what cost, huh? At what cost to me?

HANK: Hey, Peggy.
PEGGY: Well, maybe for you it is!... Oh. I was expecting you to say "good morning."

PEGGY: Look what I found in Bobby's bedroom. It's a ladies' magazine. And that is not my opinion; it says so right in the title. You were right about Home Ec, Hank, it's ruining Bobby. Every perfume ad has been scratched and sniffed, and his horoscope says that this is a good week to meet the man of his dreams. If you ask me, Hank, that boy ain't right.

PEGGY: I breast-fed my Bobby. Big mistake.

HANK: Bobby, I need you to do two things I pray you'll never have to do again: tape the Cowboys game and get me an apron.

HANK: I didn't marry you because I need someone to cook and clean for me. I married you because... you know... you know... the love.
PEGGY: Oh, Hank.
DALE: Macaroon? I've got entrance wound size and exit wound size.

DALE: The Generalissimo was guarded better than a Mafia Don's virgin daughter. We needed the element of surprise, so me and my team showed up disguised as flower delivery men. He answers the door thinking someone sent him a bouquet of roses. But instead, he's pushing up daisies! Sh-sh-sh-sha!

HANK: Don't worry, Dale. I'm sure next week one of those guys will shoot somebody's toe off, and this will all be forgotten.
DALE: Oh, God, if that happened I'd kiss his bloody nub.

DALE: Mad Dog's running for president. He's already got the black vote... Earl... and the gay vote... Earl.

DALE: Me having an accidental discharge is like you giving a sales pitch for a grill, and not even mentioning the convenient warming plate.
HANK: Oh, I can't even... no! God, no!

PEGGY: A gun is a penis substitute. So Dale losing the gun club presidency is like Dale losing his...
BILL: Penis?
PEGGY: Exactly. Now, how do we give Dale back his penis? We anonymously answer his Soldier of Fortune ad and send him on a mission even a moron could do. Once he completes it, he will happily be back in his pathetic little bubble of self-delusion. And kudos to me for coming up with the idea.

HANK: Mr. Big is pleased.

DALE: The falcon has the egg. By "egg" I mean briefcase. Oh, and this is Dale, from the ad.

DALE: Wait a minute. I don't recall a change in plans being in the original plan. What am I carrying in this case?
HANK: I'll ask the questions around here, Gribble. And right now I don't have any.
DALE: It's drugs, isn't it? Well, if you want a mule, go to the pet store, Big! Mercenary.

DALE: I can't die on my first mission! It's bad for business!

DALE: I should have known it was too good to be true. Fourteen years I've been running that ad, and not one call. Then, suddenly... one call.

DALE: Quick, Nancy, plan 51-Tango!
NANCY: What are you talking about, sug?
DALE: Plan 51-Tango! In the event of a hostile takeover of the gun club, resulting in a Dale-threatening situation, I flee to Costa Rica. Why do we even have the drills if you're not gonna pay attention?

MAD DOG: Trespassers! If I shoot them, I'm going back to jail. But I can't not shoot them.

JOSEPH: I had to cut my hair to make a mustache for my dad. We're going on a trip.
BOBBY: In my dad's truck?
DALE: He wanted me to have it! He's getting a convertible! I wasn't supposed to say anything, but here it is: he's having a midlife crisis, he'll probably leave your mother, and it's partially your fault.

HANK: I am Mr. Big.
DALE: But we've known each other since the second grade! When did this happen? First grade?

HANK: I was just trying to make you feel better without having to talk to you.

DALE: In about two minutes, a CIA swat team is gonna swarm this place like flies on Bill.

DALE: All those in favor of re-electing Dale Alvin Gribble, who is currently running on the "save your sorry asses" platform, say aye.
MR. STRICKLAND: I got a lead on a new client so big, it’ll put all my bastard sons through college.

KING PHILIP: Ah, so you are the keeper of the flame?
HANK: Uh... assistant keeper of the flame.

HANK: I’m putting you in charge of the spending money. Spend it any way you want with three rules: No tights, tassels, or skirts on the boy. Oh, and no bells.

DALE: It says right here, "One dollar discount with period costume." Well, I’m from the future, and the future is a period, ergo, this is a period costume! Period!

KING PHILIP: We wage war on France on the morrow!
TEENAGER: That is so gay.

KING PHILIP: Blah! This is mead! I said grog!

PEGGY: We’ll be a great team. Side by side, like our double sinks.

KING PHILIP: How now, gas man?
HANK: Uh, pretty good, thanks. My wife Peggy is ready to serve the kingdom.
PEGGY: I am a Renaissance woman. This is a Renaissance Faire. We are a perfect fit!

PEGGY: In the future, they will invent a magical sucking device, to free women from household drudgery!

HANK: Well, I guess if they burn you at the stake, they’ll be usin’ my propane, heh-heh-heh. You’ll find it burns witches cleanly and evenly, and at a fraction of the cost of natural gas.

PEGGY: Why don’t you drop the act, and you explain to me why the wenches make seventy cents on the dollar, and the village idiot gets full dental?

HANK: Got-dang it! That’s my third pair of these got-dang tights today!
BOBBY: Least you get to wear tights.

PEGGY: I hand you Tomatoes of Freedom!

KING PHILIP: Listen to your shrew. In her nagging there is wisdom.

KING PHILIP: If you are able to tilt me off my steed, then I will apologize to you and yon hag and purchase your gas. But if I should send thou tumbling to the dirt, then you and your gas will be banished from the kingdom, but not before your wife cleans the man-sweat from my blouse.
HANK: Fine. You are in for the joust of your life, mister. Yep. The joust of your life.

HANK: Yep.
BILL: Yep.
BOOMHAUER: Mm-hm.
DALE: Bleep! You’re gonna get killed, Hank. I’d offer to help, but the Prime Directive forbids me from altering the course of history. If I do, you will win, but the universe will lose, and who wants that? Besides you.
HANK: No chump in a velvet costume is ever kickin’ my ass.

DALE: In the Middle Ages, there was an orderly procedure for the dispensation of the wife, unlike in today’s gynocracy. Ownership goes from the son, to the dog, to the best friend. Bobby’s too young, Ladybird’s too old, I already own a wife, Boomhauer doesn’t have the time, so Bill, this could be your in.
BILL: Don’t worry, Peggy. I’ll take care of you.
PEGGY: That is as unnecessary as it is repulsive. Peggy Hill can take care of herself.
DALE: Heh, heh, oh, boy, you’re gonna have your hands full with this one, Bill.

KING PHILIP: Tell me, peasant, how does it feel to have lost the joust, your wench’s honor, and the propane account in one might thrust of my lance? It’s a bitter taste, I’m sure, and ye shall savor it for seven score fortnights anon.

PEGGY: Hey, King Make-Believe! You just got beat by a girl!

KING PHILIP: Crap, I’m gonna lose my fair! I don’t wanna go back to sellin’ real estate!

PEGGY: Well, I just wish I had been born five hundred years ago. I could have single-handedly saved womankind forever!

DALE: The Prime Directive has been breached! Women’s Liberation has happened too soon! I must warn the future!
BILL: Take me with you! I hate it here.
DIDI: I'm lucky. Cotton is so easy to shop for. Either he likes what I get him, and he's happy, or he hates it, and he shoots it, and he's happy.

HANK: How about I buy you an ornament?
COTTON: "Peace?" You would like that, you draft-dodger! Sure you can't find one with a flag-burning on it?
HANK: It's Jesus peace, not hippie peace.

MR. STRICKLAND: They took away my license! Who wants to buy propane from some no-license castrato?

BOBBY: Too bad we can't get Dad a new dad for Christmas.
PEGGY: Or can we? Bobby, I have turned your terrible idea into a brilliant one. The best present we could get your father would be a healthy relationship with his father. One where they can express their true feelings. And, conveniently, I can get the same thing for Cotton. Didi gets her bath gel like always, and I'm done.

BILL: Since we're starting from scratch, let's make it a dream house and put the toilet in the living room.

MR. STRICKLAND: I'm not one to give credit where credit is due, but doggone it, this time I just can't help myself. Hank Hill has been my assistant manager for twenty years. In all that time I've had two wives, dozens of mistresses, five heart valves... three plastic, two pig... but I've only needed one Hank. Merry Christmas, Hank. I'm promoting you to manager.
HANK: Oh! Manager? Oh, Mr. Strickland... I love you!

BOBBY: Why did Dad have to go and act like a woman in front of Grandpa? Grandpa hates women!

DIDI: Hank is too cruel.
PEGGY: No, Didi, Cotton is the cruel one. Hank is the one who sells propane.
DIDI: But Hank is cruel. He said he loved Buck. He should say he loves Cotton. And that's not just what I think, it's what Cotton told me to think.
PEGGY: Cotton is jealous? But that is a human emotion.

COTTON: You hate me, do you? After all the love I allowed your mother to give you!

JIMMY CARTER: What's wrong, little boy?
BOBBY: My Dad and my Grandpa are fighting. Even if I get the Benny Hill tapes I asked for, it'll still be the worst Christmas ever.
JIMMY CARTER: Land sakes! A family fighting at Christmas? That's not right. Why don't I talk to them?
BOBBY: No offense, sir, but you couldn't even talk your way out of working on Christmas Eve.
JIMMY CARTER: I may be just a carpenter, but I'm often called upon to resolve disputes: "You swiped my drill," "That guy took my chalk," and so on.
BOBBY: Well, you do have a very soothing accent.

PEGGY: I am Bobby's mother, Peggy Hill. I teach a short unit on your presidency.
JIMMY CARTER: Teaching is one of our most noble professions.
PEGGY: Thank you for your honesty. They could not take that away from you.

JIMMY CARTER: Say there was a magic button you could push that would make Hank disappear. Everything else in the world would stay the same, but Hank would never have existed. Would you push that button?
COTTON: I ain't got to answer no hypothetical sitchyations!
JIMMY CARTER: Would you push that button!?
COTTON: No, not yet.

JIMMY CARTER: You both seem to prefer a universe in which the other person hasn't magically disappeared. I think we have a framework for peace.

COTTON: I love shooting a nail gun.
HANK: I love shooting a nail gun too.

BOBBY: Dad and Grandpa like each other again, and all because Jesus showed up.
PEGGY: Bobby, what are you talking about?
BOBBY: That guy. A carpenter, worked a miracle, his name was J.C., rode in a limo...
HANK: You thought that was...?
COTTON: Why, that's nobody but a one-termin' peanut farmer.
HANK: Man wore a sweater.
COTTON: Henpecked by the OPEC!

PEGGY: And, Bobby, that is how I saved Christmas.
HANK: ...And a notch up from the Wagner Char-King Superiore is the Wagner Char-King Imperiale. Wagner's a fantastic company. They're based out of El Paso, so they've got American ingenuity and Texas craftsmanship built right in.

PEGGY: Here's your egg sandwich, Hank. I cannot legally call it a McMuffin, but you will never know the difference.

PEGGY: I murdered Principal Moss, Hank. But instead of making me the new principal, they appointed me Queen of the school district. I had an emerald crown.

HANK: If I was bored of Peggy, I'd be having dreams in which I was bored of Peggy, not grilling naked with the neighbor's wife.
JOHN REDCORN: Minh.
HANK: Uh, no...
JOHN REDCORN: It's Nancy? My Nancy? You're having dirty dreams about my sweet Nan-Nan?
HANK: Say, is that a new suede vest?
JOHN REDCORN: Nancy used to like it when I kept the vest on during sex. Do you want it?
HANK: Oh, God!
JOHN REDCORN: Here, take it! Take it all!

HANK: Nobody makes cheese like the Americans, I tell you what.

DALE: I know all about your naked dream with my wife! That's right, John Redcorn told me everything. He's a true friend, unlike you.

PEGGY: Hank, I would like to apologize. So I will. Words were exchanged, and I may have gotten the better of you. I am sorry.

HANK: Peggy, believe me, if I could go back in time and stay awake during... relations... I would.
PEGGY: But you can't, because you are bored of me.
HANK: No! I enjoy doing the same old things with you as much as ever. You know how I like the fundamentals.

PEGGY: I am not threatened by you!
NANCY: Oh, sug.
PEGGY: Don't you "sug" me. How dare you try to steal away my husband? Is there no end to your insecurity?

PEGGY: Tell me, how do you and Dale keep the sauce simmering in your marriage? And don't say "communicate," because there are some things Hank just will not do.
NANCY: We were lucky. Dale and I took a fourteen-year intimacy break while I saw John Redcorn for migranes. So now it's back like when we were first dating.
PEGGY: But I can't take a fourteen-year break! They'll have sex robots by then, and Hank won't need me!

BILL: Which of us hasn't had an innocent sex dream about a friend's wife?

HANK: I am not exposing myself in public. That's illegal. The press would have a field day. You know how they're always trying to take propane down a notch.

HANK: Sure, at the 7-11 you need shoes and a shirt, but here in Paradise, hey, let's all get nude.

PEGGY: Hank, why don't we go someplace more private? You certainly can't live out your fantasy with all these naked women around.

PEGGY: You don't want me anymore. You want other women. Younger, equally pretty women.

PEGGY: Wait a minute, are you turned on by the propane?
HANK: You bet I am! Think of all the things it can do: nude grilling, hot tubs, hippie houseboats...
PEGGY: Oh, my God. Those dreams weren't about you and Nancy, they were about you and the grill. You weren't bored of me, Hank, you were bored of propane.
HANK: Of course! I'd fallen into a rut: grills, tanks, grills, tanks. You see, I'd always thought of propane as a dignified lady. But she can also be a dirty girl.
PEGGY: And that means I don't have to be.
TEACHER: Hey, you two! You know the school policy: no violence... no affection.

DALE: I got a pirate radio set at the swap meet, so I will bring to this neighborhood a non-stop talk alternative. A constant barrage of eye-opening conspiracies and ad-libbed innuendi. Too bad there's only twenty-four hours in a day... or is there? Tune in to 84.372 and find out!

CONNIE: Bobby, you'd better go. If my dad catches you here, he'll make me play that song he wrote about you.
BOBBY: "Fat White Lump" is about me?

DALE: ...A nefarious government plot to store our nation's silver supply in our mouths! Children, I implore you, rip out your fillings! This is 24-hour Gribble Talk, serving the entire tri-house area.

MINH: You can't just order her to break up with him, Kahn. Teenagers very rebellious. Big reason I started dating you was to rebel against Papa.
KAHN: I thought the General liked me.
MINH: No, he never think you're good enough. For my sister, maybe, but not me.

CONNIE: Mom! Dad! Bobby broke up with me!
KAHN: Wow. You have taught me the meaning of total surprise.
CONNIE: He said he liked me, but he wasn't in like with me.

DALE: After 60 hours on the air, I must apologize, people: that last caller was not the real Spiro Agnew, although he did make some cogent points. This is live talk radio, people, working without a net. All right, our next caller, from nearby McMaynerbury... must be a windy day... and this is quite an honor: former Soviet Premier Leonid Brezhnev.

HANK: C. C plus. Two B minues. You really did it, son. You set realistic goals and you reached them. Way to go.
PEGGY: With grades like that, you could become Governor and then President someday.

KAHN: Connie don't need help. She perfect. That's why we love her.

PEGGY: Hank, I am not on trial here. Kahn and Minh are, and possibly Bobby and Connie, but not me.

KAHN: All we ever want is for you to be happy.
MINH: That's why we push you so hard.
KAHN: And now you're not happy without Bobby Hill.
MINH: So we push you right back together with him.

KAHN: I always have very strong feelings about Hill family. Now those feelings are of love.

DALE: Let's see... I told you about the sperm-count-lowering soft drinks... I told you about Supercuts cataloguing DNA... I'm running dry here, people... oh! Is there any concrete evidence that Hawaii actually exists? No, I covered that.

PEGGY: I don't know if all parents are biased when they see their kids kiss other kids, but Bobby really is the better kisser.

BOBBY: My God, what happened to the Mrs. I.P. Daley I checked into the Jolly Roger with?
CONNIE: She doesn't want to pick a medical school based on what clown college you get into!

DALE: Well, folks, earlier I made some comments that were deemed insensitive by one of my key sponsors, Dale's Dead-Bug, who has pulled all his ads. Coward. And I can't drum up any new sales because I'm stuck behind this bleeping microphone 24 hours a day. So I have been forced to sell the station to Mexican interests. Viva la revolution! Octavio.
OCTAVIO: Buenas dias, amigos! Presentamos el Rey de la Polka, Paco Jimenez.

BOBBY: I don't want to hurt her feelings, but I've never broken up with anybody before.
HANK: Well, I've only been with your mother, and we never broke up. But I have had to fire people at Strickland Propane. You gotta be honest. Tell them that they didn't meet your expectations, and give them a good recommendation.

BOBBY: You've been a valuable part of the organization for two years now, and...
CONNIE: Are you firing me?
PEGGY: Bobby Hill, put that phone down! The school could be calling me in to sub at any moment. What if an algebra teacher died in a car accident? It would be a tragedy if they couldn't reach me.

MR. STRICKLAND: Hank, bad news. I found out who's been stealing office supplies. It's Donna. Found 'em in the bedroom.
HANK: Good detective work, sir.
MR. STRICKLAND: Yeah, well, I was gettin' tired of her anyway. So now it looks like you gotta find us a new Donna. Make sure you find one that isn't always askin' "What are you thinking about?"

PEGGY: Damn anti-bacterial soap. No one's getting sick any more. I should not have to sneeze in the faculty lounge coffee machine just to get a chance to teach. It is beneath me.

MOTHER SUPERIOR: May I see your resume?
PEGGY: Oh. My resume is... is written on the smiling faces of the children of El Salvador, where I did my most recent nunning.

MONSIGNOR MARTINEZ: Yo soy Monsignor Martinez!
IMPOSTOR: No! Yo soy Monsignor Martinez!

DALE: My turn: Tongue-kiss a lizard, or take a shower in Bill's bathroom?
HANK: Lizard.
BOOMHAUER: Lizard, man, yo.
BILL: Oh, why is the other choice always "Take a shower in Bill's bathroom?"

PEGGY: This is easily the most rewarding job I have ever had.
MOTHER SUPERIOR: More rewarding than teaching crippled children to walk in El Salvador?
PEGGY: Tons more.

PEGGY: What was the last thing you were studying with the Mother Superior?
DANNY: Transubstantiation.
PEGGY: Trans what now?

DANNY: Sister Peggy, does God have a last name?
PEGGY: I would have to say no. He only has one name, like Cher.
TERESA: Sister Peggy, if cats can't pray, do they still go to heaven?
PEGGY: Well, I am not sure where I heard this, but all dogs go to heaven. So I am sure that cats do not.

PEGGY: All right, I'm going to be honest with you: I'm not really a nun.

HANK: You're impersonating a nun!
PEGGY: With all the gajillion things that are right about this job, you zoom in on the one negative. It's not like I'm impersonating a Rabbi and circumcising people right and left. And people do that, you know.
HANK: When Whoopi Goldberg impersonated a nun, at least she was running from gangsters.

HANK: That's a clean-burning hell, I tell you what!

PEGGY: Mother Superior, I have a confession to make. I am not a nun. I am... a Methodist!
MOTHER SUPERIOR: Why would you do this?
PEGGY: Because I love to teach. Not because I hate your religion. I want to be very clear about that.
MOTHER SUPERIOR: I want you out of here now.
PEGGY: I hope that you can forgive me. I think you have to.
HANK: I heard a funny joke the other day. It seems a doctor, a lawyer, and a gentleman from Oklahoma...
BILL: I told you that joke. I want to tell it.
DALE: You'll just ruin it. Let Hank tell it.
BILL: It's my joke, I'm gonna tell it. There was this doctor, and then... ow!
DALE: That was pretty funny. Tell it again.

DALE: My son the jock. With me and your mother as parents, I don't know how you got so athletic.

BOBBY: The play is about a hard-working regular Joe and his slow-witted friend.
HANK: Yeah, I know a little bit about that.
BOBBY: Perfect! Maybe after dinner we could rehearse together. I've been looking for a vehicle for the two of us.

DALE: I'm in over my head, Hank. I ran out of advice after I told him to hold the stick like a giant cigarette.

HANK: You think you could give Bobby some pointers on acting?
DALE: Could I? Yes. Will I? Yes.

DALE: Bravo, Bobby, bravo. That's the best performance since Michael Caine's ether-huffing abortionist in The Cider House Rules.

PEGGY: Hank, you are not Joseph's father. Dale is Joseph's father. Well, actually, John Redcorn is Joseph's father, but Dale doesn't know that. The point is, you are only his godfather. You are not supposed to take over for Dale until he is gunned down by federal agents. That is the agreement.

DALE: Are you as nervous for Bobby as I am?
PEGGY: Dale, if you want to make this a competition, I will win.
DALE: So where's your better half?
PEGGY: He's probably out dealing with a propane emergency. As a propane wife, you'd think I would be used to it by now, but I am not.

HANK: That's my neighbor's boy!

DALE: Poor Joseph. Can you send a thirteen year-old boy a bouquet of flowers? Is that appropriate?
HANK: Well, if the boy is my boy, you can.

DALE: I recently saw on the Discovery Channel that it takes nine months to make a baby. Well, nine months before Joseph was born, me and my reproductive organs were 500 miles away in Marfa, Texas. For years, alien spaceships have appeared in the sky above Marfa. A lunatic fringe have dismissed these so-called "Marfalites" as swamp gas, experimental aircraft, or weather balloons. So I went on a research trip to debunk these wacko theories. Nancy had a horrible headache and couldn't travel, so I asked John Redcorn to stay at the house to protect her while I was gone. I thought I was being so smart, but I have never been so stupid.
HANK: Oh, Dale, I'm so sorry.
DALE: The truth has been right in front of me all these years. Joseph's father is...
HANK: Nancy loves you!
DALE:... an alien!
HANK: What!?
DALE: The aliens knew I was getting too close to the truth. Exactly what truth, I have no idea, but I was close. They had to do something to distract me. And what better way than a lifelong distraction... a child. So they impregnated Nancy with their highly potent space juice. As nefarious schemes often do, it worked. For the past thirteen years, I have been too busy raising an alleged son to maintain constant surveillance.

JOSEPH: You're telling me I'm from outer space? Like E.T.?
DALE: Actually, no. He was a purebred alien, and had a heart of gold. You're only half-alien, and at times can be a tad self-absorbed.

JOSEPH: He's just being nice to me so my real dad won't freeze him in carbonite and trade him for spice.

PEGGY: That line could be better. Who wrote this crap?

HANK: Dammit, Dale, why did you have to tell Joseph he was an alien?
DALE: It's the truth, isn't it?
HANK: Well, sometimes it's better to keep the truth from someone. Especially when... you know... they can't handle it.
DALE: I felt the same way when Boomhauer told me I had bad breath, but since then I've learned to inhale when I talk.

HANK: Hey, buddy, have you seen two thirteen year-old boys?
DALE: One of them half-alien.
MAN: I saw one kid wander off into the desert with his Indian guide.
DALE: Well, thanks anyway.

DALE: I can't believe I lost Joseph. I hope his real dad doesn't eat my brain. But of course he will.
HANK: Dammit, Dale, you're his real dad.
DALE: No, I'm not.
HANK: When Joseph was a baby, who changed his diapers? You or some alien?
DALE: I did.
HANK: Who took him to his first day of kindergarten?
DALE: I did.
HANK: Who taught him how to tie his shoes?
DALE: John Redcorn.
HANK: Well, okay, but who taught him how to ride a bike?
DALE: John Redcorn. He taught Joseph, then Joseph taught me.
HANK: Okay, but I didn't see the aliens doing that stuff. But you were there for every Christmas morning and scraped knee. You, Dale. Any alien can inject someone with his space juice and be a father. But it takes a real man to be a dad.

JOSEPH: Dad, aliens impregnated Mom. That's a given. But isn't it possible that first they abducted you, stole your genetic material, and used that to create me?
DALE: Recovering... recovering... recovered memory! That's exactly how it went down, which means you are my flesh-and-blood genetic son!

HANK: I guess you had your own idiot man-child to deal with.
BOBBY: That Joseph. He's really... really like his dad.
HANK: Yep. Those Gribbles are two nuts on the same sundae.
BOBBY: Yep.
HANK: Yep.
KAHN: Hey, hillbillies, check out my new SUV! This baby so big, if it smash into one of your pickups, you get flat like pancake!
HANK: Where are you gonna keep it, smart guy? It doesn't even fit in your garage.
KAHN: Uh... maybe I keep garage in SUV! Hahahaha! Kiss my ass!

HANK: Don't get him all jacked up about nothing. If the United States government did it, I'm sure they had a good reason.
DALE: Based on what I know about Bill, and conspiracies, I'd say they used him in their attempted assassination of boxing promoter Bob Eram.
BILL: Is he right, Hank?
HANK: Has he ever been right, Bill?
DALE: You don't have to answer that.

HANK: Like any first-rate organization, I'm sure the Army has a form that you can request, fill out, and submit.
DALE: Good plan! Why don't you also ask them for a tour of the underwater White House?
HANK: You know, Dale, sometimes I think you say things just to hear yourself talk.
DALE: What do you want me to do? Ignore myself?

DALE: As you will see from this incontrovertible evidence, Sergeant, then Private, Bill Dauterive was given large doses of an experimental drug from 1982 to 1984. The Army was trying to create an elite group of Arctic commandoes, stationed in Alaska and able to withstand frigid temperatures. They called it "Operation Infinite Walrus." Their mission: to repel an invasion if and when the Communists came over the polar ice cap. The drug was designed to promote accumulation of heat-retaining blubber on the torso, foster the growth of insulating body hair, and create the ability to undertake long periods of hibernation.

HANK: Bill, it was a different time. It was back when we didn't know the Russians were incompetent.

BILL: Look out, world! Fat, drunk, hairy Army guinea pig coming through!

PEGGY: Poor Bill. I cannot even fathom what it's like to have low self-esteem. And I can fathom just about anything.

DALE: We can't tell the Army that Bill stole a tank. They'll tell their superiors at America Online and he'll be dead, along with everyone on his buddy list.

HANK: I've been driving bobtail trucks at Strickland for two decades.
DALE: Ooh, I am so impressed! Have you also downloaded the classified instruction manual for this tank from Vladimir Putin's website, took a correspondence course in Russian, translated the manual, memorized it and eaten it? Have you, Hank?... Putin?

HANK: I know you're disappointed with the way you turned out. We all are. But the good news is, it's not your fault. All those things that were great about you back in high school... the confidence, the charm, the pep... they're still part of you. They're just hidden inside the government's bloated, lazy body.
BILL: So it's not my fault I'm fat, bald and lazy?
DALE: Or that your breath always stinks like rotting garbage.
BILL: My breath smells?
HANK: It doesn't smell pleasant most of the time.
BILL: Why didn't you guys ever say anything?
HANK: We didn't tell you because we thought it would hurt your feelings. But now that we know it's the government's fault... well, Bill, your breath stinks.
BOOMHAUER: Yeah, man, I tell you something else, man... when you're standin' in the alley talkin' 'bout how the cooler ain't cold, man... paint don't dry and sun don't shine.
BILL: What? You think I'm boring too?
DALE: Yes!
HANK: Yeah, but don't take it personally. It's...
BILL: ...Not my fault! I'm not a loser! Deep down under all this government ape-fur, I'm a winner.

BILL: I always knew I'd be a great tank driver. Just like I always knew I'd live close to Hank.

DALE: Gentlemen, the crap has literally been scared out of me.

DALE: It's safer in here, in my armor-plated womb. Hank, can I listen to your heart beat?

DALE: The army destroyed all his brain cells with their deadly placeboes. No wonder he's an ignoranus.
BILL: What did you say?
DALE: "Ignoranus." It means "stupid," you moron!
HANK: Dale, you said "placebo."
DALE: Yeah, I read it in Bill's file. That was the name of the drug they gave him: "placebo." I think it's made by P-fyser.
HANK: Dale, you're the moron. A placebo is a fake drug. They shot Bill full of sugar-water.
BILL: Sugar-water? They didn't even think I was worthy enough to be a guinea pig?

PEGGY: Come on, Bobby, there's free ice cream! Free at last! Free at last!

DALE: Bill was a good friend. He gave his life to save ours. I can safely say I would not have done the same for him.

BILL: I heard what you guys said, that I was brave and honest and a good friend. Do you still think that now that I'm not dead?
HANK: Yep.
DALE: Yep.
BOOMHAUER: M-hm.

CAPTAIN: On the plus side, your breath is unusually minty and inoffensive.
BILL: Sir, I'm brushing every day now, sir.


KAHN: The fourth hole. Signature hole at Nine Rivers. From the tee, a deep ravine separates the golfer from a two-tiered zoscia grass green. The green is jealously guarded from behind by native marsh lands, and in front by bunkers which encircle it like a string of rare pearls. No wonder this 175-yard masterpiece can become either a portrait of frustration or one of unequalled joy.... Dream over, rednecks! Time to return to putt-putt nightmare!

MINH: Nine Rivers turn us down six times already. Last time they send rejection letter, we not even mail in application.
KAHN: I'm tired of feeling like rare orchid growing from pile of dung that is this alley.

DALE: What happens if my tee shot lands on a bird's back and he carries it out of bounds but then is attacked by a larger bird who grabs the ball and drops it in the hole? Is that still a hole in one? 'Cause that's how I'm gonna play it.
HANK: Dangit, Dale, it already happened once, what are the odds of it happening again?

TED: Cigar?
HANK: Don't mind if I... oh, you probably didn't realize this, but this is Cuban. I'll just go ahead and destroy it for you.

TED: Looks like Nine Rivers has finally found its white guy.
CINDY: Looks like you got the best one of the lot, too.
TED: Yes, there's no two ways about it. He's super white!

DALE: If I'm gonna play at a fancy-smancy club like Nine Rivers, I better go sew a pom-pom to the top of my hat.

TED: "This is Hank Hill. He's white. He'll make a fine addition to the club."
MR. HO: "I'll be the judge of that."
HANK: What are they saying?
KAHN: How should I know? They're speaking Chinese. I look Chinese to you?

HANK: Pinch me, Mr. Ho.

HANK: I don't really know anyone here.
KAHN: Oh, but you will. Hank, everyone at Nine Rivers come from different places: Laos, China, Vietnam, Cambodia, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, South Korea. But we all have one thing in common: our love of golf. Join us, brother.
TED: Think about it, Hank. Talk it over with your wife Peggy and son Bobby, age thirteen.

PEGGY: All right, Hank, what I'm about to say is not politically correct, but here goes. This whole thing seems odd.

TED: If I had a daughter, this is where she would marry your son.

PEGGY: Hank, I'm not sure, but I think we are gods to them.

TED: Hank, I will admit I first asked you to join because you are white. Now I'm asking you to join because you are you. My friend.
HANK: Can I ask you just one more question? What and what accessories do I sell for a living?
TED: Tractors?
DALE: ...To be fair, you used to sell tractors.
HANK: Yeah, but Ted didn't know that.

HANK: I'm sorry, Kahn, but I couldn't stay there. I just didn't feel comfortable. That's why I left Jeans West, that's why I don't bowl on Tuesday nights, and... oh, forget it. You wouldn't understand.
KAHN: Oh, yeah, you right. I always feel comfortable everywhere I go. You know, my original name is Smith. I just change it to Souphanousinphone when I move to Texas!

MINH: Breathe in the tranquility. Breathe out the frustration. You're in a better place than Nine Rivers.
KAHN: Aaargh! There is no place better than Nine Rivers! This is it? This is the rest of our lives? Maybe I divorce you and marry someone who's already a member!

KAHN: "Rainey Street Country Club?"
HANK: Dues are a six-pack every eighteen holes. What do you say?
KAHN: I accept your offer. And as new member, I propose we kick Dauterive out. Hahahaha! Seriously, you're on the bubble.
PEGGY: Yoo-hoo, Bobby, guess who's here? Me.

HANK: You don't give someone an award they don't deserve just to cheer them up. Why not make every Super Bowl a tie, so everyone gets a ring, and no one is "bummed out," huh?

PEGGY: I will write an essay nominating you. I will open with a joke... but not at your expense... and I will close with a quotation from the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
BOBBY: I'll go turn on your computer and warm up the seat.
PEGGY: Good boy.

HANK: She's just setting him up for a fall. Like when we told Bill there was a woman out there for him.

NANCY: So how does it feel to be the official torch-bearer? Are you filled with pride? Humility? What are you filled with, sug... Arlen wants to know.

DALE: The year is 1979. Every week, America turns for hope to Laverne and Shirley. Ted Koppel arranges to have forty-four Americans held hostage on a soundstage in Burbank by actors impersonating Iranian fanatics. And Arlen's leading all-time rusher is Hank Hill. The hopes and dreams of a small Texas town in the state of Texas rest squarely on the broad, athletic shoulders of its star running back and his trusted towel manager.

BOBBY: Dad, someday someone is going to make the world's largest fruit pie. And the next day, I'm going to get into the Guinness Book of World Records for eating it.

HANK: God was punishing me for being prideful. He didn't give me a fatal heart attack because he wanted me to sell propane, but he made his point.

PEGGY: If Bobby says it's all right for you to run with the torch, I will not oppose him. And I will not oppose you. I will let you run unopposed.

DALE: It's just like when we were in high school. You secreting, me absorbing. And you know, these are the very same towels from back then.

PEGGY: You're going to be on TV, so do not do that thing with your nose that you're not aware of.

BOBBY: He's running with a flaming lie. How can I enjoy the figure skating with this dark cloud hanging over me?
PEGGY: Bobby, if your father doesn't do this, the Hills will be forever known as the family that ruined the Olympics. Now, I can go back to using my maiden name. I have no idea what you will do.

TODD: That's right, McMaynerbury! Brother running with a torch, and there ain't nothing you can do about it!
VOICE ON TELEPHONE: Thank you for calling Alamo Beer. For English, press 1. Para continuar en Espanol, opprime al numero dos.
PEGGY: Oh! I've never been indignant in Spanish before.

PEGGY: Are these items available to the general public?
THERESA: Nope.
PEGGY: Then I will treasure them.

DALE: I'll tell you what's going on with our beer. They've sold it to the Japanese, who will change the formula and repackage it in square bottles that will only fit cupholders in Japanese cars.

PEGGY: I have never had a problem keeping a secret. Ask any of the gay teachers I've worked with. But you couldn't, because I would not tell you who they were.

PEGGY: I'm sorry, Hank. Alamo trusts me not to tell you their secrets. Just as you trust me not to tell them about your narrow urethra. And believe me, I had the perfect opportunity.

DALE: Who would have thought Hank would put some flash-in-the-pan wife ahead of thirty years of friendship?
BOOMHAUER: Yeah, man, talkin' 'bout no secrets, man, just like when we were kids, talkin' 'bout skinned knees, first crushes, lemonade stand, little ol' treehouse.

PEGGY: Si... vomitando... la diarrhea... la nausea. What in Carmen Sandiego is going on in Mexico?

PEGGY: All of these calls are from Mexicans. Now, their Spanish wasn't great, but I was able to gather that they got sick after drinking Alamo beer.

DALE: I don't mean to sound racist, but this is by far the best selection of beans I have ever seen.

DALE: Step on it, Bill! I don't know which way it's coming out, but it's coming out!

HANK: My God, you care more about your stupid confidentiality agreement than you do about your own husband.
PEGGY: And you care more about your friends and your beer than you do about my stupid confidentiality agreement!

HANK: My wife lies to me. My beer company betrays me. Americans are giving Mexicans diarrhea. What the hell is going on here?

THERESA: It turns out that under Mexican law, the markets that sold tainted beer could be held responsible. And if those markets are shut down, where will the people of Mexico buy food for their children? Alamo is against child starvation, Peggy. We always have been. How about you?

HANK: Mr. Meinhoffer IV, I'm Hank Hill, Strickland Propane. For the last twenty years, Alamo has been a part of my family, like a favorite uncle who lives in the refrigerator. But you knowingly sold tainted beer to the good people of Mexico. That is not a crime, but it should be. Now, I would like an apology.
KONRAD MEINHOFFER IV: Mr. Strickland, Alamo Beer is not your uncle. We are not your family. We are a Delaware limited liability corporation. And the beer we sell in Mexico is as pure as the beer we sell in America. So unless you are one of our shareholders, we don't owe you anything, especially an apology. And we will not stand by while you libel our product with your baseless accusations. Now, I am not a litigious man. That's why I have lawyers.
HANK: Are you threatening me?
KONRAD MEINHOFFER IV: I don't threaten people. That's why I have security guards.

PEGGY: Sometimes when people are confronted with their mistakes, they are too embarrassed to admit they're wrong. Especially proud people. Your successful businessman, your educators, your substitute educators... I'm sorry, Hank.
HANK: No, Peggy, I'm sorry. Hey, there's Hops the dog.
PEGGY: Actually, the real Hops died years ago. It's one of the company secrets. Pass it on.
HANK: Please, Lord, give her a cramp. If it's thy will.

BILL: I want to hear "Puff the Magic Dragon." Play that song, I like it, play it. "Puff the magic dragon..."
HANK: Bill, do you have any idea what that song is about? It's about a dragon!

CONNIE: My dad has a joke: "How do you get into the Van Cliburn Summer Orchestra? Practice!" Well, it used to be a joke. Now he just screams it.

BILL: Who's Van Cliburn?
DALE: Texas's own Van Cliburn is a classical pianist with a bustling summer academy in Fort Worth. We share a birthday.

PEGGY: The strange thing is, people with that much talent rarely amount to anything.

BOOMHAUER: Hey, man, I'll go get my dang ol' banjo, man... maybe get an accordion, man, what do you think?... No, better stick with the banjo, man.

EARL: You ever think about taking her to Branson?
HANK: You think she's Branson good?

DALE: We could be your backup band. "The Dale Gribble Bluegrass Experience."
HANK: Hm. I like it.

KAHN: That inbred music is designed so only people with six fingers can play it! Your path is Van Cliburn to Carnegie Hall to New York Philharmonic, not hay wagon to Hee Haw!

BOBBY: The key to writing a good Yakov Smirnoff joke is to picture yourself arriving in America and noticing that it is different from Russia.
BILL: And when he says "reckon" and "y'all" in that accent of his, I just lose it. It's brilliant, really.
DALE: The only thing "brilliant, really" about Yakov Smirnoff is that he's a KGB spy. He's been sending U.S. secrets back to Mother Russia while tourists are seduced by his fake comedy act. Although his beard is real.

BOBBY: In America, you put "In God We Trust" on your money. In Russia, we have no money!

HANK: Yes, we're here to have fun, but you know what's not fun? Being ill-prepared.

YAKOV SMIRNOFF: Hey, kid, I don't do Russian jokes for last ten years. Now I do jokes about relationships and things I observe.

HANK: Where have you been? I've had to deal with the Bluegrass Brothers all by myself. They've been staring at me, twiddling their beards, trying to psych me out.

CONNIE: No! No more rosin, no more of your "see the fiddle, be the fiddle" rhetoric. I don't want to be a professional bluegrass musician. I quit.
BOBBY: And I quit too, even though I'm not in the band.

DALE: Well, I saw that coming. And yet I did nothing to stop it. Why do I fear success?

HANK: Boomhauer, you're good at stage patter.
BOOMHAUER: Yeah, man, maybe I'll give 'em a bit of that little old "How you doin' in Branson, man... lemme hear you say 'yeah.'"

KAHN: You kidnap my daughter and took her across state lines to play hillbilly music against her will! I've been looking for a reason to put you in jail, and now I have it!
HANK: What are you talking about? You gave her permission to come with us.
KAHN: Never! I make sure she practice Mozart, get into Van Cliburn, then Ivy League orchestra. From there she play Paris, Rome, then I take her back to my home town of Luang Phrabang and stick it up their nose!
HANK: That's why she ran away. She'd rather play bluegrass, and win this contest, then get a record deal, and open up the Connie Souphanousinphone Theater, and... oh, I'm a jackass.
KAHN: Stop stating the obvious!

CHARLIE DANIELS: So where's this dying fiddle player whose final wish was to meet me?
DALE: Actually, you're too late. But her other final wish was that you would play, with us, her favorite song, on stage, now. So, what do I tell her parents?
CHARLIE DANIELS: Tell 'em I'll play till my fiddle catches fire.

CONNIE: We only have enough money for a t-shirt or a row of tickets at the Andy Williams show.

KAHN: She's playing in street for lousy tourists! She should be playing in Royal Albert Hall for Prince Charles and Camilla Parker-Bowles!
HANK: Aw, come on, Kahn. I bet you never knew she could smile and play at the same time.
MR. STRICKLAND: I want them emus dead, Hank! Make it look like a heart attack.

PEGGY: I fear I am becoming your incredibly fun crutch.

LUANNE: A guy on the football team said that all Zeta Sigma Tau girls are sluts. Is that true? Because I can't join if that's true.

SORORITY GIRL: My mother and grandmother were sisters at Texas Tech.
LUANNE: Your mother and grandmother were sisters? Shoot, your family's more messed up than mine!
KATHRYN: So, was your mother in a house?
LUANNE: Well, she's been in a halfway house, and the big house...

DALE: I'm doing this pro bono. That means I get the bones. I know a Chinese guy, he uses them to get erections.

LUANNE: I just got kicked out of a sorority house full of stuck-up girls with great clothes who think they're so great because they don't have mamas in jail.
LISA: Your mother is in jail? Wow! It's amazing that you're in college and not trying to mug me or sell me drugs right now.
LUANNE: I think so too!

LISA: This is the sad girl who drinks alone on campus that I told you about.

DEPROGRAMMER: This cult has lawyers out the yin-yang and they know how to use them.

HEAD JANE: What's your name?
LUANNE: Luanne.
HEAD JANE: No, it's not. It's Jane.
LUANNE: Nuh-uh, she's Jane, I'm Luanne.
HEAD JANE: You're being very stubborn, Jane.
LUANNE: Here's a little trick I use to remember my name: I think of a man named Lu and a woman named Anne. They meet in a kingdom in the forest.

BILL: Why does everything I love run away from me?
HILL: Because you have to pet everything like an idiot!

LUANNE: Rice for breakfast? But we had rice for dinner last night! I'm losin' weight 'cause I haven't had any meat! And I lose weight in my chest first!
HEAD JANE: You think you are hungry, but you're not. Your body lies to you, just like your parents. But you can trust us. We will tell you when you're hungry. We will tell you when you're tired.
LUANNE: Will you tell me if I have to go to the bathroom right now? Because I think I do, but a lot of the times when I get there, I don't, and I just sit there and hum.
HEAD JANE: No! No bathroom! Number one and number two is something you did before you became an Omega!

HEAD JANE: You have an independent streak that makes it very difficult for us to love you. Do you like it here?
LUANNE: Well, it's cold, and you locked me in a closet and yelled at me, but I have made a lot of new friends, so yes.
HEAD JANE: I can assign you ten friends for life or zero. It's up to you.

HANK: No, you're not "tripping," that is an emu.

PEGGY: All sororities do hazing. The harder it is, the stronger the friendship. Why do you think POWs are always having reunions?

PEGGY: Have you ever wondered why I spend every Friday night with you?
LUANNE: Because I challenge you with my intellectual.

HEAD JANE: I wish I could jump in your head and crawl around.

PEGGY: Oh, they listen to everything I have to say about my hopes, my dreams, my issues with my overbearing and stifling mother... I never want this to end!
LUANNE: It never has to end, Aunt Jane. Once we get to the ranch, it's gonna be so beautiful and peaceful, just like a tanning bed.
PEGGY: At first I thought I was dizzy from hunger, but now I know it is from bliss!

HANK: Excuse me, are you with the cult?
CULT MEMBER: We're not a cult. We're an organization that promotes love, and...
HANK: Yeah, this is it.

DALE: They're nothing but soulless autonomatonomonapotons.
HANK: This is a job for meat.

PEGGY: My name is not Jane. My name is Peggy, and I love meat!
NANCY: The only people who know about the affair are me, John Redcorn, and God. And you. And Hank. And Bill, and Boomhauer, and possibly Bobby. Oh, and of course John Redcorn's sister... she's got a mouth on her.

DALE: Odd. Vexing. My father's name is on the list. Make sure his full name reads "Bug Gribble, womanizing jerk who is not invited to my re-wedding because I hate him."
NANCY: Come on, sug, sometimes good people do bad things. Some of them for years and years.

DALE: Thank you for coming. I'll let you know how the deflowering went.

DALE: I loved my dad like a father, and he betrayed me like a betrayer.

BILL: I know I miss my dad. I can't tell you how many nights he locked me in that rabbit hutch. I deserved it, though... I just couldn't listen.

HANK: With the joy of responsibility comes the burden of obligation.

BOOMHAUER: Dang ol' blazin' saddles, man!

BILL: I don't get it. Why would Bug be in a gay rodeo?
HANK: Well, the guy's 60... maybe he couldn't cut it on the regular circuit. It's like those guys who have to play European basketball, or Canadian football.

BILL: Boomhauer and I are going to the parking lot to make out. We're both men!

DALE: Prepare to be destroyed by the deadliest of all martial arts... monkey-style! Pressure point! Gouge the eyes! Grab the tongue! Achilles tendon!
BUG: I deserved that, and any other kind of monkey-mischief you can throw at me.

JOSEPH: Check it out, Dad! I'm John Redcorn!
DALE: I don't see it.

DALE: Get away from my wife or next time I'll aim for the mannequin and hit you!

BUG: I'm not the man you think I am. My rodeo is a gay rodeo.
DALE: Why would a confirmed bachelor such as yourself work at a gay rodeo?

DALE: You are re-uninvited to my re-wedding.

DALE: Nancy, I don't know what to do. No one's ever deceived me before.

BILL: Oh, no! I can't find the ring!
HANK: That was just a piece of tinfoil we gave you to make you feel important.
BILL: Oh, thank God.

NANCY: Why is God punishing me? Why, sug?

BUG: Oh, sweetie, there's been a huge misunderstanding. I'm gay!
DALE: If only that were true.
BUG: Dale, it is true! I'm gay!
DALE: Nice try, J. Edgar.
BUG: Dale! Denial ain't just a club outside McMaynerbury!

DALE: Listen up, homosexuals and so-called bisexuals!

NANCY: So are you really okay with your dad being gay?
DALE: Why would I have a problem with it? John Redcorn's gay, and I've been friends with him for years!

PEGGY: Why can't Boomhauer date someone smart for once? Like a Congresswoman, so I could get my law passed.

HANK: Let's face it, we've been down the imaginary-friend road before. There were those guys you claimed you played soccer with, Larry and Wayne.
BILL: You know, Larry and Wayne may have been imaginary, but they were a lot more supportive than you.
DALE: You didn't hear what they were saying behind your back.

HANK: Remember when you fell in love with that speed-skater on the Wheaties box? Turns out she was real too, but that doesn't make her your girlfriend.

DALE: Here's a sure-fire way to sweep her off her feet: You will tend to her wounds.
BILL: What wounds?
DALE: The ones she got from falling in the hole.
BILL: What hole?
DALE: The hole you dug in the alley.
BILL: But I didn't dig a hole in the alley.
DALE: Not yet.
BILL: Oh!...Huh?

ICE CREAM LADY: Hey, do you know if Boomhauer's back from his safari yet?

LUANNE: She's not coming back, honey.
BOBBY: 'Course she is. She's Mr. Boomhauer's girlfriend.
LUANNE: Let's see, how can I explain this...? You know how you can be happy eating vanilla ice cream day after day after day? Well, Mr. Boomhauer isn't just like that. See, he likes to try different flavors.
BOBBY: But he can have a new flavor every day! He's dating the ice cream lady!
LUANNE: Mr. Boomhauer had grown-up sex with the ice cream lady, and now he's dumped her. You're never gonna have ice cream again, Bobby.

DALE: Nancy and I have been dying for another couple to hang out with.
BILL: What about Hank and Peggy?
DALE: Between you and me, I've run out of things to say to that woman.

BILL: All he's going to do is give her one marathon night of love-making. I would have given her the same amount of love, but stretched out over a lifetime!

BILL: My name is Bill Dauterive. I would be honored if I could have some of your hair for my collection.
HANK: What are you doing?
BILL: I am flirting.

BILL: Don't put on Dido! Please don't put on Dido! Aaugh! Dido!

PEGGY: And then I said "I know you, you're the weatherman from channel 7, right?" And he says "No, I'm not," and then I said "What are you talking about? Of course you are! You are that guy!" And he said "No, I am not," and you know what? It wasn't!

HANK: I guess Bobby wishes Boomhauer dumped the asparagus lady. Heh-heh-heh. You see, there's not actually an asparagus lady, Peggy. It's funny.
PEGGY: Oh! Okay, so you think Boomhauer's promiscuity is amusing.
HANK: Well, not really.
PEGGY: Not really? So what, then? Do his stories entertain you? Does hearing about his bedroom antics excite you? Is that how you get your freak on?
HANK: My what? No! No! I... I... I love you.
PEGGY: I'll leave you alone with your dirty thoughts.

BOOMHAUER: Yo, Hank? Hank? Hank, man, talkin' 'bout it's me, man. Dang ol' Boomhauer, man!

HANK: I just turned on the backyard grill from the swimming pool. And Peggy said man would never be able to do that!

BILL: For a rich woman she buys pretty flimsy underwear. Where's her ass supposed to go?

HANK: I saw this news promo last night that said something's going on in restaurant kitchens that might really surprise us. But then I fell asleep. Boomhauer, you stay up late... are rude customers really getting more than they bargained for?

MARLENE: I'm going to be honest with you: I only understand about half of what you say. The other times I just nod and smile and wait for your pants to come off.

BILL: Aw, Boo-hoo-hoo-hauer. I bet now you wish you'd only slept with 100 ladies instead of 101. Now you know how they all felt... except that one that did it to you!

DALE: We gotta do something. The alley was balanced before. A cool single guy, and a cool married guy. A loser single guy, and a loser married guy. Now it's me and three losers!

DALE: Do that thing where you compliment 'em and they come home with you.
HANK: Yeah. You know, I once told Peggy her hair looked nice... she still mentions it.

BILL: I know how tough it is for you right now, curled up lying in your own emotional vomit. You're in hell now, Boomhauer, and the only way out is through a long dark tunnel. And you're afraid to go in because there's a train coming at you, carrying a boxcar full of heartbreak. Well, let me tell you something: All you can do is let it hit you, and then try to find your legs. I know. I've taken that hit more times than I can remember. Look at me, Boomhauer. I'm fat, and I'm old, and every day I'm just going to wake up fatter and older. Yet somehow I manage to drag this fat old bald bastard out into the alley every day. I'm out there, digging holes, falling into them, climbing out, trying again. And tomorrow I'm going to hang outside at a ladies' prison, and the first thing those lady cons are going to see after twenty years is me. Will I get one? Experience says no. Will I be out there next month? If I'm alive, you'd better believe it. You've got to get up off that cannon bed, slip into a tight T-shirt, wash off some of that cologne, and get yourself out of that tunnel and into some strange woman's bed!

ICE CREAM LADY: Boomhauer. I thought I'd never see you again.
BOOMHAUER: Yeah... hey, listen, man, I'm talkin' about, I done went off and walked a mile in your shoes, man, I felt that big ol' hurt, and I just wanna tell you, man, I'm...I'm sorry. How 'bout we just be, you know, dang ol' friends, man?

BILL: So, what were you in for?
ALICIA: Killed my boyfriend.
BILL: Does that mean you're single?
HANK: I already picked the country for our vacation: America. And the state: Texas. And the town: Denton. I don't care what their police did to that cyclist, it's still a good town.
PEGGY: Great, Denton. Gateway to Durndle.

DALE: Ah, Memorial Day. A day when our war heroes are celebrated by even the most liberal of media.

DIDI: Hank, I'm worried. Cotton's been acting very stressed all week. Maybe you could take him out for some guy time. Nothing gay, though.
HANK: I don't know. He'll want to go to a strip club, and he always tips the girls to put their whatnots on my head.

HANK: Can we use your steam room?
JOHN REDCORN: It's not a steam room. It's a sweat lodge. It's one of the most intense spiritual experiences known to my people.
HANK: Are you talking about that thing by the port-a-john that looks like a compost heap with garbage bags on it?
JOHN REDCORN: Twenty dollars each.

COTTON: I got to gets back to Japan and apologize! But how am I going to get there? I got no shins! All my money goes to the baby's mouth-mush and your step-granny's booby payments!

PEGGY: This is about a man who for fifty years denied any human emotion in order to hide from his haunting memories of war, ruining his relationship with his son, until fate gives him one last chance to find... no, it's still not an interesting story.

DALE: I have no formal opinion on the Japanese. I know that must disappoint you.

HANK: I'm only going to read this once. "Hi, my name is Ladybird. I like long walks, my arthritis medication, and two cups of kibble a day. I'll try to outsmart you and get three cups, but I know you're too clever for that, Ms. Platter."
LUANNE: I don't know, Uncle Hank. She did write this letter and everything.

COTTON: She's a Japanese!
HANK: Dad, they're called "Asians" now.

PEGGY: You've killed Germans, you've killed Japanese. Which do you prefer?

PEGGY: Your father is behaving like a maniac. He's just sitting there with his mouth shut!

REPORTER: We will go with you to her. You apologize. She will cry. We will edit it for broadcast purposes. That is the process.

PEGGY: There is nothing to worry about. He is just fighting his urge to kill you.

HANK: My dad's still on the plane. He had to use the lavatory, and he said he might be a while. You know, he's old.
REPORTER: Oh. My father also struggles with the shame of incontinence.

PEGGY: Look at the architecture. You can really see the Japanese influences.

LUANNE: Okay, pound dog. Your job is to pretend to be just like that dog over there, only not so dead.

VALET: The cologne has displeased you.

HANK: How could you not know you had another son? How many women have you slept with? Five? Six?
COTTON: Two hundred seventy-three. But this isn't about sex, no sir. It's about love. And sex. Yeah, I spent the year after the war ended in a Japanese hospital. General McArthur's personal sawbones had reattached my feets to my knees, and prescribed enough antibiotics to cure the French army's clap. Every day, a Japanese angel would drain my shins of pus and fill my heart with love. It was magical. Then excruciating. Which made it all the more magical.

COTTON: I left more than my shins in Japan. I left a piece of my heart. And some seed, I guess, which grew into Junichiro.

HANK: A brother. I have a brother.
PEGGY: A Japanese half-brother. That is some freaky stuff.
HANK: The Hill brothers. "Watch out for those Hill brothers." "Did you see what those Hill brothers were up to the other day?"
PEGGY: Just be prepared for when your new half-brother decides he's in love with me. I must be quite a sight to him, with my exotic unbound feet.

MICHIKO: Hello, Cotton. I am glad to see your feet did not fall off as predicted. How is everything else?
COTTON: Well, it's been a crazy fi'ty years. After I got back to the States, I had a juicy Porterhouse steak cooked medium rare, just the way I likes 'em. Then I knocked around a bit. Eventually I got tired of working for jackasses, and decided to make an honest living installing asbestos in schools and hospitals. Got married twice, one ugly, one hot, and had two sons: Hank, and my baby Good Hank.

HANK: I work in propane and propane accessories. You may have seen it used in some of our movies.

COTTON: I don't usually cry unless someone's pulling out my fingernails like you fine folks did many years ago.

JUNICHIRO: With all respect and honor, I would not be saddened if both you and your father went to hell.

JUNICHIRO: I cannot leave work in middle of the day. I am assistant manager. One of only thirty.
HANK: Dangit, he's gone berserk. And when he winds up on the news, everyone is going to find out he's your dad. That's gonna bring you great shame, I tell you what.

JUNICHIRO: What you expect, running around like crazy cowboy? This not Texas, shoot off guns, pow-pow-pow, Rambo, John Wayne.

HANK: So, how long you been in the robot game?
JUNICHIRO: There was not a time I was not fascinated by robots. Robots are clean, efficient, reliable.
HANK: That sounds like propane. I wonder if they ever made a robot that ran on propane?
JUNICHIRO: No. But they could.
HANK: Yep.
JUNICHIRO: Hai.

LUANNE: I'm gonna tell Uncle Hank I learned how to clone at the junior college. You two better back me up.

COTTON: I'm gonna hawk a loogie in the face of this country's number-one sumbitch!

JUNICHIRO: You would be proud of me. I was abrupt with an elderly woman.

DALE: This is Hank Hill, occupant. I cannot open the door as I am making love to my wife Peggy.
BILL: We're doing it!

PEGGY: You're not going anywhere, Mister. Correction, you are going somewhere: everywhere, with Peggy Hill's tour-iffic Tokyo. First stop, the Disney Store.

WATCH:
Everybody super-happy,
Everybody super-happy,
Six-thirty p.m.!

JUNICHIRO: I kick-a your ass! Look at me! Here come Ronald Reagan Mike Tyson!

JUNICHIRO: Father! No!
COTTON: What did you just call me?
JUNICHIRO: I called you "Father." There is no shame in being a Hill. Hank taught me that. And he also taught me there is no shame in having a narrow urethra.
HANK: That was just between brothers.
JUNICHIRO: Like Japan, I am no longer your enemy. And like my little brother, I am your son, I tell you what.

COTTON: You're gonna miss your war skootch, ain't you, boy?
BOBBY: I never even got to say goodbye.
COTTON: What!? Stop the cab! Stop the cab!
HANK: Dad, what are you doing?
COTTON: You wouldn't understand. It's about love. Bobby, you gots to say your goodbyes. 'Cause Lord knows it's a kick in the kiester to come back for 'em after fifty years!
PEGGY: The Learning Annex is offering a class on the joy of enterpreneuring... I signed you up.
LUANNE: It would be really nice if you could ask me when you make decisions about my life.
PEGGY: You're right. Would you like to go at seven or at nine?
LUANNE: Uh... seven.
PEGGY: I'm sorry, that won't work for me.

TRIP: My great-grandfather started Larsen Pork Products with little more than three pigs and a killing hammer. Today, I'm proud to say, we kill more pigs than pig hepatitis.

TRIP: Does the young lady have a question?
LUANNE: I...
PEGGY: Yes. I find that I am too busy succeeding, so I have trouble remembering all of my bright ideas. That's why I keep them in a file.
TRIP: Uh, that was more of a comment, not a question.
PEGGY: Oh, why thank you, I think so too.

HANK: Sometimes men aren't interested in what they say they're interested in. To put it bluntly, they're more interested in something else.
LUANNE: Oh, you mean sex.
HANK: Aaahh! No! No! No! Yes.

LUANNE: You know so much, and I know so little. I hope that doesn't make you think I'm stupid.
TRIP: You are not stupid. You're ignorant.
LUANNE: Wait, no! You can't call me...
TRIP: It's a compliment! It just means means you haven't had a chance to learn all the wrong things.
LUANNE: No one has ever told me that before.
TRIP: Maybe that's because no one has ever understood how ignorant you truly are.

DALE: Whose house are we gonna be T.P.-ing this year?
BILL: Probably mine again.

TRIP: Hank, how would you like a ride in a hot-air balloon? I don't need to tell you it's powered by propane.
HANK: That's one of the eight uses of propane I haven't experienced first-hand!

PEGGY: You may be rich, but all the money in the world cannot buy you the most precious gift of all: My respect!

LUANNE: Aunt Peggy, Trip thinks no one ever solved anything with a run-on sentence.
PEGGY: How dare you! You do not come into my home and insult my grammar unless your name happens to be Strunk or White. Is it?

LUANNE: I am a proud ignorant woman and no one is going to change that!

TRIP: You wiped your eyes on my tie. That's okay! It's an amazing fabric.

LUANNE: I might have grown up poor, but I never met anyone who kept a pig in the house.
TRIP: That's because they weren't equipped for it.

TRIP: Your head hasn't been harmed. It's been improved. I took the liberty of dying it while you were asleep for the last fourteen hours.

PEGGY: You look nice, Luanne.
LUANNE: I know. Trip told me.

XAVIER: Life is a series of compromises.

TRIP: Where did Luanne go?
PEGGY: That's for me to know and you to find out. And for me to find out too, because I don't know.

TRIP: Trust me, Luanne, this is for the best! We agreed that I would do the thinking for both of us!
LUANNE: I never agreed to be a Larsen pork product!

LUANNE: At least Trip seemed happy, and now he's in a better place.
PEGGY: Honey, Trip had a mental breakdown and is now a sausage. That's not a better place.
DALE: So... you found the tunnel.

HANK: What the hell were you thinking, digging a tunnel under my house?
DALE: You should be flattered. Think of it as a two-way friendship tube. I can escape to your house when the Feds come a-knockin', and you can slip over to mine when some jealous husband comes looking for you.
PEGGY: There will always be husbands jealous of Hank for marrying me. There is no place on earth he can hide from them.

BILL: I fall through the floor, I'd say, on the average, about once a year.

BUILDING INSPECTOR: Would you boys like a piece of hard candy?
BILL: Yes, yes! Yes, I would please like a piece of candy!

BOBBY: I don't mind us staying at Grandpa's, but I won't share a bed with baby G.H. He always tries to suck on my boobie.

BOBBY: Strange bathroom, no night light... I hope Mr. Gribble isn't counting on 100% accuracy.
PEGGY: Well, sit if you have to. I do... when I have to.

DALE: Hank, I wouldn't use that remote.
DALE: There goes the mailbox.
HANK: You have an exploding mailbox!?
DALE: That was your mailbox. And yes, I do.

ORDERLY: I think we have a domestic abuse situation here. The big one's already cut the little one's finger off.
COP: It always happens to the younger, prettier one.

DALE: Officer, take him away. And see that his human rights are roundly violated.

DALE: Objection!... conjecture. Objecture.

HANK: Anger management? That's for guys who spit on umpires. I don't need that crap.

BILL: You cut Dale's finger off for digging a tunnel. I once made a vest out of your wife's underpants. I can't imagine what you'd do to me.
HANK: Come on, I wouldn't hurt you. You guys know I don't have a problem with anger, I have a problem with idiots.

INSTRUCTOR: Next time you want to call someone a dirtbag, stop and picture that person as a big bag of dirt. Just a big old bag of dirt driving her SUV. And you know what? You'll have to pull over, 'cause you'll have the giggles. That's what we call "silly humor."

INSTRUCTOR: Why don't you pet an imaginary cat? Just like this, slow and gentle and easy. I call her Soothy. Soothy the Kitty. Want to pet her?

DIDI: Hank has always been angry. When we were in kindergarten, and the other children would use the finger-paints, he would pinch them.
HANK: You are a bald-faced liar!
COTTON: Amen.

INSTRUCTOR: I'm going to teach you all a little dance. The avoid-dance. Who has a child who keeps a messy room? The next time you walk by Junior's room, shut the door. Don't look at what infuriates you. Just do this little dance. Shut the door. Shut the door. Shut the door...

BIG JIM: Can you believe that bunk he's selling? Don't ever get angry, you turn into the world's biggest doormat. Read your Bible. God has a hell of a temper. You piss Him off, you're up to your ass in locusts. Look at Him the wrong way, pillar of salt. He's one tough two-fisted gin-joint bouncer, and He made us in His image.

DALE: Hank Rutherford Hill, you are within one hundred feet of me, and much as I like to scoff at the law, I also like to arbitrarily enforce it. Skedaddle, boy.

PEGGY: It was a short period of suffering, but probably fairly intense.

CHUCK MANGIONE: "Chick" Mangione? I'm not a chick, I'm a dude!

HANK: Okay, look, my idiot friends rented a ditch-witch and dug a tunnel under the alley, and if you drive over there you'll probably crush them to death.
DRIVER: Buddy, I used to be just like you. Drinking, standing in alleys, making up stories just to get attention. Get it together.

HANK: If you don't get out of that got-dang rat-hole, I'll get my circular saw and cut off all your fingers and toes! Now move! Move! Move!
DALE: Society's going to hell in a handbasket. I blame the media-blamers.

JOSEPH: Dude, you wanna be my partner for the science fair? I found a dead bird in my backyard we could probably do something with.
BOBBY: Thanks, Joseph, but I'd like to increase my chances of winning and decrease my chances of working.

JOSEPH: Tell her I've always been into her, and that I always stare at her, not because I'm creepy, but because I'm deep.

CONNIE: That's my cousin Tid Pao from L.A. She's sleeping in my room.
BOBBY: L.A.? She was so in-my-face I thought New York, but L.A. is even better!

BOBBY: "Catch you later" is still a cool phrase, isn't it? I mean, have you ever used it?
CONNIE: No.
BOBBY: Okay. Whew!

TEACHER: We have a new student, Tid Pao. Now, I know there are a number of ways we could make fun of her name, like Kung Pow, or I suppose Tid Poo, so let's have none of that.

CONNIE: Her grades are slipping! That's right! Sl-IPPING!

LUANNE: You know what's exciting? That place where you bet on which chicken is madder.

DALE: Painter-er!

BOBBY: Man, I'm just keepin' it real, dawg. Heh-heh. You'd never make it in L.A.
HANK: I hope I never make it to L.A.!
PEGGY: I could make it in L.A.; I just have very fair skin. My dermatologist says it would be a death sentence.

HANK: And stay away from that Tid Pao. Don't think I can't tell the difference between her and Connie, because I can!

KAHN: I swear to your father I keep you out of trouble, and now you get mixed up with Bobby Hill! What is it with you beautiful Asian girls and that stupid redneck boy? Why so self-destructive? Low self-esteem?

ANNOUNCER: Leave your calendars open, cockpit biplane fans, because tomorrow is the dedication of Arlen Airfield's new windsock!

BOBBY: What are you making?
TID PAO: It's, uh, a candy machine.
BOBBY: All right! Hard candy? Chewy candy? Sticky candy? Gummi candy?
TID PAO: Just candy.
BOBBY: Interesting. Interesting. What's the filling? Caramel? Nougat? Nuts? Jelly?

HANK: I can understand wanting propane so bad you could steal it, but to actually go through with it...

BOBBY: I'll meet you here before the science fair... I mean, the science fizz-air.

JOSEPH: Check out this machine we made! It picks up radio signals!
CONNIE: It's an incubator, Joseph. I had the radio on in my room while I was making it.
JOSEPH: Then does music just...

TID PAO: You are one dumb-ass pig farmer!

CONNIE: Bobby, you're not making candy! Didn't you watch that MTV special with Andy Dick? You're making... meth amphetamine! You know, crystal meth? Ice? Crank?
BOBBY: Big deal, I made a crank machine. I'll just change the sign to "How a crank is made."

BOBBY: No, you can't, it's too sweet, you'll get diahrrea, I sneezed in it!

CONNIE: It was an accident. Prove it wasn't, yo!
HANK: Son, you don't get to be running back just because your dad was. We fought a whole war with England over that.

DALE: ...So I finally got up the nerve to ask Nancy for a raise in my allowance. It did not go well.

HANK: My boy is on a team. Not a squad, not a club... a team.

DALE: Bobby just handed off the clean towels, put the dirties in the hamper, and didn't fumble once. That's the hat trick!

MINH: I start growing roses after doctor cut off my Xanax. Very relaxing to have total control over another living thing.
BOBBY: This is kind of nice. And they smell much better than jockstraps.
MINH: Maybe to you.

CLERK: Okay, the tag says they need food and water and dirt and sun and love.
BOBBY: Can I substitute extra love for sun? I kind of have to hide these in my bedroom closet.
CLERK: No way, man. That'd be going against the tag. Unless... okay, I know someone who can help you, but the problem is that he's at another store, and you're like, at this store.
BOBBY: I have a bike.
CLERK: Oh, that changes everything.

BOBBY: Ricky at the Mega Lo Mart told me to ask you about growing stuff indoors.
STONER # 1: Don't tell him anything.
BOBBY: He told me to tell you I'm cool.
STONER # 2: He's cool.

BOBBY: Chinese philosophy. Is that why you guys seem so happy?

HANK: Bobby, I've got some good news for you, but I want you to promise me you're not gonna squeal like a girl. I've decided to let you grow your roses.

WOMAN: Are you the guy who just moved here from Portland? Grew that Madon Plantier that won the Mini-Princess of Show?
HANK: Well, I understood that one word, "grew," but I do know I am not the Mini-Princess of anything.

BOBBY: You gotta relax, Dad. The roses can pick up on your vibe.
HANK: Dangit, Bobby, cut the Benihana talk.

STONER # 1: We need more of this weed and more of this dude.

BOBBY: This one's pretty.
HANK: Not if we go by the book. According to the checklist, this one's perfect.
BOBBY: But I like how mine's a little off-center. It's got Wahbi-Sabi.
HANK: You can't win an argument by making up words.
BOBBY: Wahbi-Sabi is an Eastern tradition, Dad. It's celebrating the beauty in what's flawed. Like the crack in the Liberty Bell or the mole on Cindy Crawford's face.
HANK: The Liberty Bell is great. But come on, if it was in a competition with a bunch of other bells without cracks, it would lose.
BOBBY: But sometimes it's the imperfections that make you love something even more. So what if this rose is a little short, a little wide? It's got more personality than those other ones.
HANK: Uh-huh. But we're out to win.

MONROE: Ah, Morgan, my former student, your flower looks like an anus with a stem. What do you call it?
MORGAN: Hello, Monroe. I crossed an Okington Ruby with a Dainty Bess. I call it a "Ruby My Dear," but I might as well call it "Sending you home to your mama."

STONER # 1: Dude, that million dollars is ours!
HANK: There's no cash prize.
STONER # 2: It's just for honor, dude.
STONER: # 1: Dude, that honor is ours!

STONER # 2: You're a loser! Which means I'm a loser! Which means my dad was right! You blew it, man!
STONER # 1: I wish I had my Tibetan prayer beads! I'd hogtie you and leave you to rot!
BOBBY: But what about Lao Tsu?
STONER # 1: Lao Tsu lived in a hut and ate straw!

HANK: Son, you've got a lot of Wahbi-Sabi.
HANK: When I was your age, we had these things called songs. They were two-minute stories about falling in love or burning down Georgia. But I guess Hollywood decided we needed more criminals yelling about their lady friends'... baby-places.

HANK: Kinda sounds like the Beatles before they went nuts in India.

BOOMHAUER: Talkin' about dang ol' boy band, man... talkin' 'bout prance around, goin' "Oh oh oh oh..."

DALE: 4Skore is for pre-pubescent girls. Are you a pre-pubescent girl, Hank?
HANK: Could a pre-pubescent girl kick your ass?
DALE: Probably.

NANCY: Okay, so it goes John Redcorn...
MINH: ...Boomhauer, Kahn, and Dale. Then Bill and Hank.
NANCY: Or Hank and Bill.
MINH: Doesn't really matter. Whichever.

JORDAN: I read a rumor on the Internet that Chris frosted his bangs.
HANK: Dang Internet. They don't care whose lives they ruin.

HANK: They weren't dancing like you and I dance. They were enjoying it.

LUANNE: Lord, everything now is sex, sex, sex. It wasn't like this when I was growing up. What is going on with our children?
HANK: Yes, exactly!
LUANNE: Do you see the way the little girls are dressing? Walking around in their tiny shirts, everything right out on display. Where's the mystery? And we wonder why men don't respect us!

HANK: Then there was this godawful hip-shaking. It was like those lizards we saw on the Discovery channel.

DALE: Yep, kids are growing up way too fast, and we have no one to blame but the Dairy Council. They're shooting our milk up with hormones. Your Christina Ag-u-a-leras and your Shakiras are their prototypes.

KAHN: Minh, come quick! Redneck boy getting busy with lawn clippings!

PEGGY: You are making Bill look like Pierce Brosnan.

MRS. HILGEN-BRONSEN: Love the glasses on you two. Totally geek chic.

MR. BRONSEN: All you've gotta do is be Bobby's friend. If not, where is he gonna turn when he's in trouble?
HANK: He won't even need to turn. We'll be right there, bam! with a brick wall of rules, limitations and discipline.
MRS. HILGEN-BRONSEN: My parents were a wall. I want to be a door that leads to a world of experiences.

JEN: Chaperoning? Nice job, Ronald Reagan.
MR. BRONSEN: Hey, don't call me that.
HANK: Yeah, don't call him that.

PEGGY: Did you even see how cool those other parents were? They look like Chandler and Monica. And look at us, Andy Griffith and Aunt freakin' Bee!

BOBBY: Hey, Jordan, I'm sorry I couldn't come to your party, but you know how it is with parents. Oh, wait, you don't, 'cause yours are fine.

CLARK: I don't hear the sounds of ecstasy.

JORDAN: Do you have any pets?
BOBBY: An old dog.
JORDAN: What's your favorite food?
BOBBY: Pork pockets.
JORDAN: Ham or pepperoni?
BOBBY: Oh, that's a toughie. I gotta think about that one.
JORDAN: Bobby!
BOBBY: Ham. No. Pepperoni. No, ham.
JORDAN: There. I like you.

MINH: All right, I'm coming around. Hank Hill pretty sexy. But not as sexy as Boomhauer.
NANCY: Mm, that Boomhauer.
HANK: Nothing tastes sweeter than self-discipline.

BOBBY: It's called "Musical Canine Freestyle."
HANK: Liar.
BOBBY: No, it's a real thing. They have contests and everything. It started up in Canada.
HANK: They're supposed to be our allies!

HANK: No more dancing or any other Canadian tricks.

BOOMHAUER: Talkin' 'bout man's best friend, man, can't dress her up like a little ol' lace poodle, man, it's a dog, a dang ol' dog, man, talkin' 'bout dignity, man... no dignity.

KAHN: So you want to dance with my dog. But what's in it for the big dog: me, Kahn? How about you pick up Doggie's poo from my yard? That way, child prodigy Connie get to study more, poo-picking hillbilly get to dance with dog. Universe in harmony.

HANK: You're dancing with the neighbor's dog against me and Ladybird?
BOBBY: Well, what was I supposed to do? Not dance with a dog? And anyway, you said Ladybird was too old to dance. If you've pumped her full of pain pills, I'll have you both disqualified.
HANK: What do you care? It looks like you'll dance with any dog that'll have you.
BOBBY: Oh, he's not just any dog. This little fellow may poo like a buffalo, but he dances like Britney Spears.

BOBBY: You're scared, old man! You're scared of my moves!

PEGGY: Hank, this is all very simple. You both want to dance with dogs. Right. You each have a dog you can dance with. You take your dog to the garage. You dance with her there. Bobby gets to dance with his dog in his bedroom. Everybody gets to dance with a dog. Everybody wins.

HANK: Fine, go home to Bobby and the neighbor's dog. While you're at it, why don't you just move in with Kahn and Minh? You can eat rice every day and never celebrate Christmas.

HANK: Boy, these dogs are dressed to the nines. Like they were going to dance at the White House. Don't worry, Ladybird, we're gonna win this thing. It's not just about pageantry, it's about a man and his dog dancing together. That's what the people came to see and that's what we're gonna give 'em.

DON: We are witnessing a dream. I hope I never wake up and this dream lasts forever. A boy, a dog, a dance.

DALE: Boy, the alley's dead today.

SKETCH RANDALL: I wish everyone who denies the pure athleticism of dog dancing could see what I'm seeing right now.
BILL: There's this movie I'm dying to see. This one's got a Culkin and a Baldwin in it!

HANK: It's nice for Bill to finally have something he's good at. Might give him a reason to live and whatnot.

PEGGY: I finally got a woman to agree to go out with him.
HANK: You're kidding! Who?
PEGGY: Sunny Edmonds, the new librarian.
HANK: The perky one?
PEGGY: No, the one who won't make change.
HANK: Did you try the perky one?
PEGGY: Yes I did, and it took the perk right out of her.

HANK: You might want to find out what's causing that god-awful smell in your car.
BILL: That was a frog. I guess I'll get rid of it.

SUNNY: You promised me a fat George Clooney. This is not a fat George Clooney!

CYNDI: I like the way you eat soup.
BILL: Are you making fun of me? If you are, it's okay... I'd just like to know.

BILL: I never say no to a party in McMaynerbury.

CYNDI: You know, Bill, the last big American to win the Mustard Yellow Belt was Steve Kiner in '99. Since then, all the hot dog eating competitions have been won by skinny Japanese guys. But I still believe in the big man.
HANK: Wait a minute, America isn't the hot dog champion? How could you let that happen? This whole nation is stuffing its face! Can't one of us do it at record speed?

HANK: Are you an eater?
IRRAWADDY: Yes, Laotian noodle champion. I'm branching out into hot dogs.
HANK: No kidding? My neighbor's Laotian. You know a guy named Kahn?

BILL: I think your Mustard Yellow Belt is going to look pretty good around my fat American gut.

HANK: Dangit, Dale, when did you get to be such a Negative Nelly? Why don't you try being a Positive Pete?

KAHN: Guess you never heard of "belt of fat" theory.
BILL: Belt of fat?
KAHN: That's why fat guys can't keep up with us skinny Asians. Your stomachs are trapped in belt of fat. Got no room to stretch. Irrawaddy not only skinny and flexible, rumor has it he got two stomachs!

BOBBY: What's Mr. Dauterive doing? Whatever it is, it sure is making him popular. Is he... eating...?

CYNDI: Remember, honey, it's not Roman rules, so whatever you do, don't vomit. You keep those doggies in your tummy, and Cyndi will give you some nummy-nummy.

DALE: Behold the great American fat-ass, gorging on the lips and anuses of his brethren.

KID ROCK: He's tri-doggin'!

BILL: Why? Tell me! Why give me a great gift, only to snatch it away? What did I do? Huh? Did I ask for too much? Did I fly too close to the sun on my beautiful hot dog wings? Why do you like Dale better? I hate you! I'm so sorry, I didn't mean that. Please, help me eat more hot dogs than Dale!

PEGGY: I do not know how much longer I can keep Bobby away. Last night while Bill was training, I stabbed my finger with a ballpoint pen to distract him.
HANK: Good work.
PEGGY: Thank you. I think it's infected.

DALE: So, did you get a chance to read my short story?
BOOMHAUER: I... well, man, you know, actually... I had... you know... dang ol' stuff to do...

DALE: Remember, Bill, just because you have their attention doesn't mean that you have their respect.

CYNDI: Is there any chance I might be able to get some alone time with Dale and persuade him?
DALE: Keep your pants on, lady. My wife's hotter than you and she throws more sex at me than I know what to do with.

HANK: You know, Bill, America doesn't need to win every dang thing to be great. We've got the Constitution, two George Bushes, great toilets... hell, we've played golf on the moon. I guess we can let Laos have a stupid wiener contest, can't we?

HANK: So, things still on with Cyndi?
BILL: No.
DALE: Well, at least you got a little chic-a-womp-womp.
BILL: Actually, we were saving it for tonight. My idea.
HANK: Attaboy, Bill.
PEGGY: Today we'll be discusing A Tale of Two Cities, a terrific book by that most Dickensian of authors, Charles Dickens.

DOOLEY: You went crazy.

JENNA: Well, a bientôt. Pardon my French.
PEGGY: Oh, este nada. And my Spanish needs no apologies.

HANK: Bobby, why don't you go look in the Adventure section? Anything about a boy with gumption should be fine.

PEGGY: This store is reserved for customers and literati, so why don't you take your apple...
DALE: It's a braeburn.
PEGGY:... and get out.

PEGGY: In theory, I reject this money. It is only in practice that I accept it.

DALE: The Tuesday special is Saturday night specials. Feel free to browse.

HANK: "The elf-lord Flyfandel knelt upon the bed of dandelions. 'Young wanderer,' quoth he, 'I have woven you a magic breastplate'"-- Ugh! Bobby, television!

JENNA: We've come to place our monthly order for the book club selection, A Dinner of Onions by...
PEGGY: Dora Harmony Wallace, of course. A chronicle of three generations of an American family. I've always wondered why nobody's ever done that before.

PEGGY: Ho yeah! Ankle holsters all around, on the house!

BOOMHAUER: Hey, man, dang ol' father, he symbolizes the past... dang ol' dinner, goin' be the future... so she's talkin' 'bout stuck in the present, man... it's just like dang ol' English class, man.

HANK: "As the ambulance pulled away, Cassie remembered the smell of onions from her grandmother's kitchen." The end. Joe Jack, you awake?
JOE JACK: I've got half a mind to go to Nova Scotia and kick that Benedict's ass.
MR. STRICKLAND: Boy, that Cassie reminds me of someone. Hey, how big did you guys picture her ta-tas?
ENRIQUE: It said she was slender as a willow, so... grapefruits?

MAN: So you say it's both efficient and clean-burning? Fascinating!

PEGGY: As Cassie said as the farmhouse burned brightly behind you: "I am an onion." Good day to you!

CLEA: Surely as I am Clea and the Crystal of Kilmarian shines upon my brow, our forces shall rally and vanguish the goblin horde! What say ye, Hindbottom?
BOBBY: Aye, my fell axe thirsts for blood to avenge my father Borak, my swift brother Rigmor Tallenbeard, and...
HANK: Dangit, Bobby, no more elves at the table.

DALE: Excellent grouping, Colonel. Plus those hollow points penetrated Shakespeare all the way into the so-called joyous comedies. "As You Like It?" I like it plenty.

HANK: I'm not much in the Shakespeare department, but I still don't think he deserves to be shot at by those monkeys down there.

DALE: And so, a farewell to A Farewell To Arms.

OX: Can't we at least agree that Mary Elizabeth's baby was her own lighthouse?
TRAVIS: Who ever heard of an illegitimate lighthouse? Dangit, Ox, you're confusin' realism with symbolism again.
OX: I'm about to symbolize my gun to your head.
CORY: If I wasn't stealing so much beer from this place, I'd totally quit.
CHRIS: Yeah, we should build our own Mega Lo Mart. Call it, like, "Cool O Mart."

DALE: I hear Mega Lo Mart is taking bids for a rat problem. Boy, that'd be a sweet gig. I could finally start paying for Nancy's health insurance instead of just telling Nancy I'm paying for it.

CHUCK MANGIONE: Hi, I'm Chuck Mangione, and at Mega Lo Mart, our prices are falling faster than I am!

PEGGY: Dale needs the work, and if there's one thing he's good at, it's killing things. Wait, does Mega Lo Mart still have a pet department?
HANK: No.
PEGGY: He'll be fine.
HANK: Well, I guess he'd do the same for me. Whenever he prints up that money of his, I'm usually on the hundred Gribble bill.

HANK: Just thank me by doing a thorough, discreet, professional, quiet, detailed, courteous, efficient job.

CHRIS: Yeah, man, it's real strange. Sometimes we see things, and like, the prices are totally marked wrong, and I know I didn't do it, and I know he didn't do it.
CORY: Yeah, and sometimes, in the morning, the Mangione standees are facing a different direction than they were the night before. How do you figure that?
DALE: You've added a piece to the puzzle. Tell me, were the standees moved sloppily, as if by monkey, or neatly, as if by man?
CORY: Neatly.
DALE: As if by man.

DALE: You still think it's rats. Well, don't beat yourself up, Hank, I did too until the evidence pointed to babboons.
HANK: Babboon? Dale, don't tell Glidewell there's a babboon. It's not a babboon.
DALE: I know that. I won't bore you with the details, but bottom line: it's Chuck Mangione!

HANK: Dale's losing it at Mega Lo Mart, Nancy. We need some traps for the rat, and a tranquilizer gun for... uh... also for the rat.

DALE: Well, that's the calculated risk you take when you release a mongoose.

HANK: We'll be okay if we keep our wits about us. You were supposed to keep your wits about you!

DALE: I blew it. All my exterminator's instincts were wrong. I'm not fit to live on this earth, let alone kill the things that live on this earth.

CHRIS: You know what we should do? Dude, we should dress him up in ladies' lingerie, take him to the photo department, and then make him sit on our laps!
CORY: Let's just shave his head like we planned.

DALE: Chuck, I don't get it. What are you doing here? This is a long way from the Merv Griffin Show.
CHUCK MANGIONE: When I signed a contract to be the Mega Lo Mart spokesman, I didn't read it carefully. I have to be at every store opening, and they open 400 stores a year. I haven't had time to record, or tour, or give my old lady any slow sweet lovin' in years. So I disappeared to the last place they'd ever look for me. I've been living here rent-free, eating their Cheerios, playing their video games and trying on their underpants. Anything to stick it to the Man.
DALE: You chewed through the security camera wires?
CHUCK MANGIONE: It was necessary so I could come and go as I pleased.
DALE: But what about the droppings? There were droppings all over the place.
CHUCK MANGIONE: Make those Mega Lo chumps pick it up... they owe me!
BOBBY: The clock radio smells like my Game Boy, but it tastes like my library card. I wonder if it smells different when it's on?

HANK: I always wanted to go to the Academy.
COTTON: And I wish I could have sent you. Unfortunately you were such a bumbling moron, I couldn't vouch for you.

PEGGY: I'm not sure what this means, but I once heard that when you're stuck in an unpleasant situation, it helps to just lie back and think of England.
COTTON: That's enough, Hank's wife. If you got any more feelin's to express, get in the kitchen and put 'em in a bundt cake!

COTTON: I can hardly waits to see my grandson all toughened up. Do you think you folks could mail me records of his daily beating logs?
COMMANDANT: Colonel Hill, you do realize things have changed since your time here?
COTTON: All right, you can e-mail them to me.

BOBBY: Oh, dang, someone's coming! Lie back and think of England. Hugh Grant. Spice Girls. Paddington!

CRAFTS INSTRUCTOR: On the battlefield, you may find yourself stranded without enough water to survive. But with a sufficient quantity of mud, you will have the ability to create your own bowl, pot, urn, decanter or beaker to collect rain water.

COTTON: What the...? You made a bowl?
HANK: Well, yeah. It's a combat bowl. Bobby made one too.
COTTON: Combat bowl? The only bowl he's supposed to make is from a hollowed-out skull!

HANK: I told you it wasn't easy. You didn't believe me, did you?
COTTON: I guess he was just born a pile of mush.
HANK: Well, I guess you could say that, but maybe mush isn't so bad. You can keep stomping on it, but it's all give. It just stays mush. You can't build it up, but you can't break it down either. In a funny way, mush has the edge.
LUANNE: I closed my eyes and I was thinking of those stupid guys in my math class... oh, and the guy in the parking lot... and that volunteer pool cleaner who always comes by when I'm swimming.
ANGELA: Tell me about it. I once fell for a free breast examination in a bar.

BOBBY: Why don't the nerds just move across town instead of living right next door to the jock fraternity? That way, nobody'll be constantly breaking their gadgets.

HANK: Oh, it's dancing.
BOBBY: Hmm. That sounds...
HANK: No.

MR. STRICKLAND: I know a new girlie club where we can ogle some ladies. No cover charge!

LUANNE: If you were lookin' at me, I'm going to have to have both of your gym memberships revoked. And I would hate to do that, because you both look terrible.

LUANNE: My mama's in prison 'cause she fights so much. Do you think that there's some way her genes could have been passed down to me?

HANK: Luanne, the kind of women that box don't have 50 stuffed animals on their bed. Why don't you spend Friday night watching one of those movies you like, where the people fall in love and then one of them dies?

LUANNE: Dear Lord, one of your creatures may be hurt tonight. Please let it be the other creature. Amen.

RANDY STRICKLAND: Okay, folks, you've paid your moneys, here come the honeys!

BILL: Women boxing, huh? If they wear gloves, how do they scratch each other?

HANK: I always hoped to give my old boxing gloves from the "Y" to Bobby, but... well, you know.

MR. STRICKLAND: Gettin' rich off a pretty lady is even better than sleepin' with one. Well... neck and neck.

HANK: You need to practice, so get out of that stupid outfit. And for God's sake, don't leave it where Bobby can find it!

GEORGE FOREMAN: I respect that you want to protect your niece. You know, I didn't want my daughter to become a boxer. Neither did Mohammad. But Joe Frazier, on the other hand, he had his baby girl boxing in the crib.

GEORGE FOREMAN: How about carrying my grill in your shop?
HANK: Oh, sorry, but we have a strict policy about that. No novelty grills.
GEORGE FOREMAN: NOVELTY GRILLS?
HANK: Yeah. No offence, but your grill is kinda like an iron.
GEORGE FOREMAN: You're callin' my grill an iron? I've been hit below the belt before, but nothing like this!
HANK: I think it's a great product for dieters, or little girls who want to play barbecue, but you can't compare it to a propane-powered grill.
GEORGE FOREMAN: FIGHT'S ON!
HANK: What? No!
GEORGE FOREMAN: I said, fight's on! What's the matter, smellin' all that propane cause you brain damage? That's what it does, you know!
HANK: No! That is not accurate! Those studies were all done on sick monkeys! And at least my grill isn't sold in housewares!

GEORGE FOREMAN: George III, get this man out of my face!

LUANNE: But I'm a great boxer! That's why the fans are always yelling, and hollering, and throwing dollar bills, and oh God, am I stupid.

LUANNE: Nope. That's cheatin'. And I got too much self-respect for that, even if every guy in the world thinks I'm a bimbo.
BOBBY: Guys suck!

ANGELA: Men are never going to respect us. That's why we've got to use what God or the surgeon gave us to get what they got: Money.
LUANNE: So you'd do anything for money?
ANGELA: Or a car.

PEGGY: She is not gonna show tonight. She asked herself, what would Jesus do if he were a lady boxer? The answer: Not show.

GEORGE FOREMAN: If I could take a punch like that, I might have been able to think up a name besides George for all my sons. That gal's all skull and no brains. She's like Joe Frazier with lipstick.

LUANNE: Stu, what did I tell you about taking pictures of me?
STU: Whoa, no... I wanted a picture with you.


MINH: No after-school program? Now who Connie gonna tutor? Bums in railyard?

HANK: Your initiative is really impressing me, and not just because you're ladies.

PEGGY: "For the children," on three. Ready? One, two, three...
PEGGY, MINH, NANCY: For! The! Children!
BOBBY: For me!

NANCY: I bet this must be very exciting for you, Minh. Where you're from, you probably didn't have the freedom to criticize your government.
MINH: Why would I criticize government in Laos? My father was General, I do what I want. I was peasants' worst nightmare!

KAHN: Three women can't fill one position. This school board seat, not Boomhauer's hot tub.

PEGGY: Let's not lose sight of why I'm doing this... it's for the children. I'm not saying Minh hates children, but I really love them. They are three of the five points in my five-point plan. I haven't quite figured out the other two yet. I was thinking something about America.
HANK: Wow! Dynamite!

BOBBY: Mrs. Souph' and Mrs. Gribble are waiting in the living room. Here's breakfast. And I typed up the monologues from Leno and Letterman.
PEGGY: Good work. Now I need you to highlight last week's Doonesburys and tell me why they're funny.
HANK: Peggy, are we out of butter?
BOBBY: It's behind the cottage cheese.
PEGGY: Behind the cottage cheese!

PEGGY: "Minh to Win." I don't get it.
MINH: What not to get? I'm Minh. I want to win.
PEGGY: Maybe we should focus-group that. Uh-uh. Women 18 to 45 will be turned off.

HANK: I'm not crazy about making holes in my lawn, but I guess it's for the children.
BILL: My lawn is already dead... maybe we could put all the signs there.
HANK: No offense, Bill, but this campaign is about hope.
BILL: Oh. Right.

PEGGY: The thing to remember, people, is that you are not gonna have to tighten your belt, because we are gonna fix the pants!

PEGGY: She has the nerve to stab me in the back. That is just not done in politics, Hank. There is no way I'm going back to college. I'm a teacher! I'm done learning!

PEGGY: Nancy, how much longer do you think you can milk this sexy weather girl act? Two, three, two years, tops?

KAHN: I told you, Minh, but no! You had to see hoboes boxing!

PEGGY: Hank, we need a bus.
HANK: We are not spending money to rent a bus.
PEGGY: It's for the freakin' children!!!

HANK: I don't really think I should mix politics and propane.

NANCY: Sug, just because I'm beautiful doesn't mean I'm harmless. Have you ever wondered what happened to the weathercaster before me?

NANCY: I cannot believe that Chapman lady won.
MINH: Not only that, it say here she's getting rid of after-school program.
PEGGY: And biology. And "all offensive encyclopedias," whatever that means.
JOHN REDCORN: All cultures have a similar rite of passage. Your people have a Bar Mitzvah.
HANK: We're not Jewish.
JOHN REDCORN: Really?

BOOMHAUER: Yeah, man, talkin' 'bout them ragin' hormones, man... get all rebel-y and you're still a kid, man... talkin' 'bout "Who am I?"

BILL: You know who'd be a good influence on them? My son Trey.
HANK: Last week it was Travis.
BILL: So?

DALE: This is his chance to be cool, Hank, and you only get one chance. I know.
PRINCIPAL: Whoa, Gribble, where's the fire?
DALE'S BRAIN: Say "In your wife's pants!" Say it!
KID: In your wife's pants!
DALE: In your wife's pants!

HANK: I'm not sure how well that's going to work with the whole keeping Dale from knowing about your part in Joseph's... creation.

JOHN REDCORN: Hank, this is an important ritual among my people. Don't half-ass it.

JOHN REDCORN: Hey, what a coinkydink! All of us camping here. Funny.
DALE: Ha!... oh, you mean funny-weird. That is odd.

DALE: I see the buffalo! I see the Indian! I am the Indian!

JOSEPH: You want to know what the land's telling me? Wreck stuff!

DALE: Try running this vision through the old noggin. There was an Indian. I couldn't see his face, but he was a big guy, about yea tall and yea wide and wearing a magnificent buffalo headdress. And he was making love to my wife.
JOHN REDCORN: Dale, I'm not sure I...
DALE: Hold on, there's more. I suddenly found myself in a hospital, watching Nancy give birth to Joseph. Except Joseph was wearing the exact same headdress as the faceless Indian. So, working backwards: I fathered an Indian child, therefore, I am an Indian.
JOHN REDCORN: Okay, that's one interpretation.
DALE: So, do you have a regular place where you buy your feathers and bonnets and so forth?
JOHN REDCORN: It's a site on the Internet.

DALE: I always wondered why I hated the federal government and loved tobacco with such passion. But now it all makes sense.

HANK: Okay, time out, Sitting Jackass. Have you looked in the mirror lately? You are the got-dang whitest person I've ever seen in my life!
DALE: I am the Albino Buffalo. Deal with it.

DOOLEY: I can see your dad's junk.

JOSEPH: Isn't killing pandas a crime?
DALE: Absolutely, for a white man. But we're Indians. We can kill just about anything as long as we use all the parts.

JOHN REDCORN: I have relied on others to raise my son for too long! No offense.

DALE: The gate is open! Thank you, gate spirit!

JOHN REDCORN: Five hundred years of oppression, and somehow I find this the most irritating.

DALE: I'm not gonna lie to you, Joseph. It sure would have been sweet, having a cool son. Hey, cool kids! Look at Joseph smoke!
HANK: Well, they are in different conferences, so it would only be a problem if they played in the Super Bowl. An all-Texas Super Bowl! His will be done!

PEGGY: Maybe I'll just take Bobby!
PEGGY: Bobby, I'm not taking you, I'm just trying to get back at your father.
BOBBY: Oh.

BILL: Are you and Peggy having marital problems? Irreconcilable differences, maybe?
DALE: As the only happily married man out here, may I suggest marriage counselling with Dr. Tim Rast? "Tim Rast will make your marriage last." I came up with that slogan during one of our sessions while Nancy was jabbering on about something.

HANK: I don't know how to say this, and yet there's no greeting card for it either. I think we should see a professional relationship person.
PEGGY: What? You mean a marriage counsellor?
HANK: Like the one Dale and Nancy use, Dr. Tim Rast. Yes. Him. Please, Peggy, I need somewhere safe to go, to let it all hang out.

NANCY: Even his elbows are nicotine-stained, he refuses to acknowledge that he is bald, and he sobs uncontrollably after sex.

DR. RAST: Let's play magic wands.
HANK: What's going on here?
DR. RAST: It's a therapy game. I got it from Goldie Hawn's life coach in Reno.
HANK: Oh, God, I've been misinformed.

HANK: We're going to buy his and hers motorcycles and see America, excluding California.
DR. RAST: Tell me more.
HANK: What more is there? The freedom of the open road and such, all the maintenance a guy could ask...
PEGGY: Collecting spoons from every state capital, meeting colorful characters like truck-stop waitresses and corrupt local sheriffs...

BOBBY: I can't believe you guys got a motorcycle! Evil Kneivel had a Harley, and a cape, and a jewelled walking stick.
HANK: It was a cane, and it was because he had a crushed pelvis.
BOBBY: And a cape!

HANK: Whenever we go to the hardware store, she gets to give me a twenty-minute hug, and I get to go to the hardware store.

PEPPERONI SUE: Tradition's real important to Lumpy and me. That's why we're going to spend our second wedding night under the same foozeball table in the same bar as last time.

PEGGY: Live to ride and ride to live, you dumb cows!

HANK: Potato potato potato potato potato potato...
PEGGY:... potato potato potato potato potato potato...
HANK & PEGGY:... potato potato potato potato potato potato...

PEGGY: All right, Hank, Kansas is mine! I'm gonna tear this state a new one!
HANK: Maybe we should switch off after Kansas. I wouldn't want you to miss out on all that wheat.

HANK: It just doesn't work that way with biker couples. Lumpy and Pepperoni Sue have a great relationship, and she never rides up front. In fact, the spot behind the driver is called the... er..."bitch seat."
PEGGY: What? So then that makes me a...
HANK: No! It's a motorcycle term, I don't even think it's spelled the same.

PEGGY: Hey, let's stop at a souvenir stand so I can get a T-shirt that says "My husband controlled my vacation and all I got was this lousy T-shirt."

PEGGY: I'm going to take a bus home. I am sure they will let me sit anywhere I want on the bus.
HANK: You can't sit in the driver's seat! You can't even talk to him!

PEPPERONI SUE: Hey, it's that old biker dude with the crazy girlfriend.

HANK: Peggy and I aren't speaking right now. She's mad because I wouldn't let her drive the motorcycle.
LUMPY: Hell, I'd get shanked before I'd let my old lady drive.
PEPPERONI SUE: And I'd never ask. That's why our marriage works... boundaries.
LUMPY: Who knows her place? Who knows her place? Huh?
PEPPERONI SUE: I do, baby!

HANK: But that would mean I'd have to ride in the other part of the seat. You know, behind.

PEGGY: There's a moose drinking from that lake!
HANK: There's a moose? How big are the antlers?
PEGGY: Oh, my goodness, they're huge! Wait a minute, I'll get us closer.
HANK: Yeah, I see it! It's beautiful.
PEGGY: Yes, it is, Hank.
HANK: I love you, Peggy!
PEGGY: Sandwich? I think there's one left in that saddle-bag.
BOOMHAUER: Hey, man, talkin' 'bout true story, man, guy got those weather balloons up on a lawn chair... flew 16,000 feet... Bruce Dern played him in the dang ol' movie.

JOE JACK: Uh-oh. Rabbit done peed on my head.

HANK: Boy, that Joe Jack. He's never gonna get anywhere until he learns that sales are all about character.
PEGGY: Well, unfortunately, that is a lesson he will only learn on his deathbed. And no one wants to buy a grill from a dying man.

HANK: What you do is wipe from her head to her feet. Remember, "Head to feet, you won't cause a leak. Feet to head, everyone's dead."

DALE: There is a small-to-large chance you will develop high-altitude pulminary adaema, meaning your capillaries to flood with fluid, preventing adequate oxygenation, and a spiral of worsening hypoxia, leading to a slow and painful death.
BILL: I don't think I want that.
DALE: That's why I brought the gun. If you start feeling any shortness of breath, rub your belly and I will give you one of Doctor Dale's 38 caliber pain pills.

BOBBY: My dad told me to calibrate the phlanges. Does this phlange look calibrated to you?

SMALL GIRL: Santa?
BILL: No. Yes! If you get your parents, I will give you a toy.
SMALL GIRL: Goodbye, Santa. I love you.

PEGGY: Children imitate success, Hank. I catch my students imitating me all the time.

HANK: You want me to tell you a joke?

HANK: I can sell propane upside down and blindfolded, but not with my integrity tied behind my back.

BOBBY: You should've seen Joe Jack. He pulled a flask out of his desk and started drinking. It was so funny!
HANK: Dangit, lately my scalp's been itching like crazy.
DALE: You too? I thought my spider-senses were tingling to warn me of danger. Unless we both have spider-sense.

BILL: There's a lady in town who does lice treatments for schoolkids. She's so pretty. So I stuck my arm into a bucket of hair we cut off some new recruits, and those little critters, they just hopped right aboard me. If any of you guys know a better way to meet the lice lady, I'd like to hear it.
DALE: You gave us all lice, you disgusting he-freak!

HANK: Pull it together, Dale. I don't want to have to put the plastic cone around your neck.

HANK: That got-dang Bill. Ever since Lenore left him, I've done nothing but cut him slack. He sleeps on our car. He's always stealing Ladybird's squeaky toys. Remember when he kept a chamber pot by his bed? He keeps burying his porno in our backyard.

DALE: As an exterminator, I will take steps to spare us the shame of hairlessness. A mixture of melathion and lindane. Fairly harmless, according to the government, which has been squirting it at you for most of your life.

DALE: And... tingling. And burning. Itching. Itching. Burning. And blindness. Intense burning. Hank, get your hose.

BILL: I want to play lawn games too. But nobody wants Bill's head on their lawn, oh no. Bill has lice, he's no good, blabbity blabbity bloo. I suck.

HANK: How does a man lose track of the back of his own head? A tattoo!? I've been lying every time I donated blood.

VAGRANT # 1: You got lice?
BILL: Yeah. And I spit when I talk. And I fart when I spit.
VAGRANT # 1: That's what makes life interesting.

HANK: Can you think of any reason why any of us might ever have gotten a tattoo?
DALE: What kind of tattoo? Like a bar code? 'Cause that would point to the Rand Corporation.

BILL: Sure your fingers turn blue from the barbicide, but that's just part of the job.
VAGRANT # 1: You have a job?
BILL: Sure. Got to pay the mortgage somehow.
VAGRANT # 2: You got a house?
BILL: Yeah. I got it in the divorce.
VAGRANT # 1: You were married? I guess we got a nickname for you: Hollywood!

BOOMHAUER: All right, sit back and I'm gonna tell you a dang ol' story, man... 'bout a long time ago in a dang ol' Arlen far, far away. You know... simpler time, man... talkin' 'bout crazy kids... dang ol' bell bottoms... disco sucks... dang ol' back in the day, man.

DALE: Dallas! Can I see where Lee Harvey Oswald was framed?

HANK: "The Chainsaw." Huh. Probably a hangout for the lumber industry.

BOOMHAUER: I thought you'd never know, man... that dang ol' lice, man... threw us a curve ball, man... talkin' 'bout like dang ol' Sandy Koufax, man.
HANK: Yeah. I guess I forgot all about the Bill that Bill used to be. I ought to kick my own ass.
PEGGY: You know, the real surprise here is that those poor lice could ever have survived off your cold, cold blood.

HANK: I've been your friend for twenty-five years. Who talked you out of buying the houseboat? Who kept you from killing yourself after Lenore left you? Who listens to you for hours after you've had a nightmare?

BILL: That must have been incredibly painful.
HANK: Yep.
BILL: Yep.

COP: Looks like you're out on good behavior.
HANK: If good behavior is a factor, I cleaned the toilet and made the beds.
COP: Sit down, baldy.
MR. STRICKLAND: Donna, find me that website where the elephant does his business on the man's head.

HANK: Sir, I don't usually ask personal questions, but are you okay?
MR. STRICKLAND: My wife kicked me out. I had Donna over at the house, and the old crow caught us in flagrante on the credenza. It's all over. She said she could handle my drinking binges, and my gambling, and even turn a blind eye to my extra-marital escapades, but not when it happened all at once, and on her birthday!

COACH: For those of you who are slow and overweight, this will be difficult. But so will life.

BOBBY: I'd like a table near the air conditioner.
MAITRE D': I'm sorry, kid, this is high tea. We require a jacket and tie. And long pants. And no sneakers.
BOBBY: Doesn't passion count for anything?

LUANNE: Nobody has any faith in me. I'm telling Jesus you weren't any help.

HANK: There's a money-back guarantee on those. That's not the store's policy, it's just mine.

HANK: I'd never tell him this, but I look on him as a mentor.
PEGGY: Really? I thought I was your mentor.

DALE: You know what a real friend would do? Get me to burn down said other friend's failing business for the insurance money. Just say the word. Or don't. I'll get the signal. Just nod. Or don't.
HANK: Shut up, Dale.
DALE: So we're on.

HANK: Sir, the flame in you has grown dim, but if you open your valve and let Him in, the Lord will fill you with His gas.

PEGGY: Buck is drowning in a sea of his own addictions, and if there is one thing I learned at YWCA camp, it is that you cannot save a drowning man!

LUANNE: Buck is my student. I am his teacher. And the Lord is... our principal. And until He rings the bell, class will not be dismissed!

DORIS: It's so nice to see a refined young man. My grandson steals from me.

LUANNE: This is a Bible study class, Joseph.
JOSEPH: Oh, yeah? I like the Bible. A bunch!

HANK: What are you doing here?
JOSEPH: Bibling up, dude.

DORIS: Bobby, you are a treasure. Pearl, we should fix him up with your niece... how old is she?
PEARL: Thirty-seven.

LUANNE: Rememberingness is next to holiness.

MR. STRICKLAND: Who the hell are you?
OCTAVIO: Octavio, dude.

OCTAVIO: Look what I got. Jesus!
JOSEPH: Hey, that's Rob Zombie!
OCTAVIO: Shut up, kid.

LUANNE: Fellowship hug!
JOSEPH: Oh, boy!

OCTAVIO: You can't be a good man just by acting all righteous and stuff. It says right here in the book of Acts... wait, the red letters are the Jesus words, right?

MR. STRICKLAND: You all may have read the story of the Prodigal Son, but fellow Christians, I have lived it. I have strayed far and long from the path of the righteous. I have sinned, I have lied, I have fornicated on stolen antique furniture, but I will tell you this: the good Lord sets the most beautiful table for the son who has eaten from the most dumpsters.

PEGGY: Well, I guess it was inevitable. Women from broken homes always look for a father figure. Buck is technically more of a grandfather figure, but in a way that's actually healthier. There. I've made it palatable for myself.

HANK: Did you see him? He was clean-cut, polite, he wasn't even sweating vodka.

LUANNE: You're very nice, but you're totally old. I like young guys, who love Jesus but have fitness... and hair.

MR. STRICKLAND: She toyed with my affections! She only did it to get me to the Lord! How sick is that?

HANK: When Buck gets upset, he dives straight into his addictions.
LUANNE: Oh, it's okay... he's totally addicted to Jesus now.

COACH: Bobby Hill, you have had your last... thingie. Cake? Pastry? Whatever.

MR. STRICKLAND: Well, what are y'all lookin' at, you heathens?

MR. STRICKLAND: Propane's been good to me.
HANK: Lady Propane's been good to all of us, sir.
MR. STRICKLAND: Lady Propane. You know, maybe I could give up all my old addictions and get myself hooked solely on propane. Plus one other thing, you know, to keep things spicy.
HANK: It says here that because of high produce prices, schools are yanking vegetables from their menus.
BOBBY: Man. First they get rid of the organic garden, and now this. What is it with this school and vegetables?

PEGGY: What if the garden was working for the football team?
PRINCIPAL MOSS: Football! I'm listening.

BOBBY: Hey, Dad, wanna see me...
HANK: No.
BOBBY: But you don't know what I...
HANK: No.

HANK: Organic garden? That's what hippies eat. When was the last time you saw a hippie that could take on an offensive tackle?

BOBBY: Mm! So that's why people eat fruit!

HANK: Peggy, I have to admit this stuff looks so good, I might become a vegetarian. Heh-heh-heh. Not really.

DALE: What exactly are you trying to do, Hank? Turn our school into some kind of bohemian Montessori lovefest?

DALE: You know what would make this baby sing? Bat guano. Nature's miracle-grow.
BILL: Where do you buy bat guano? Sears?
DALE: Yes. But it lacks the potency of straight-out-of-the-bat feces. Nope, we need to go straight to the source, mano a guano.

HANK: Why does every book about organic gardens have naked people in it?
PEGGY: Well, this one has three chapters on Nixon and nothing about bugs.
HANK: When they say "Mother Earth," they mean "dirt," right?
PEGGY: I'm not sure. But listen to this: "Snails are attracted to the smell of beer. They will follow the smell, fall into the beer, and drown." Just like Judy Garland.

PEGGY: Oh, my God, you grew a garden of lies.
MR. TOMICH: Yes, and tomatoes the size of your cranium. Look, if you want to keep your garden and your job, you gotta use pesticides. What do you think is keeping termites from eating this deck? Love?

HANK: Is there anything beer can't do?

DALE: Oh, God, we've awakened a sleeping, pooping giant!

HANK: I just wanted to tell you all how proud I am. You've overcome the elements, the bugs, and, God knows, your own limitations.

HANK: Peggy, this is an organic garden! Spraying chemicals is the only thing you're not allowed to do!

PEGGY: I had no choice. You can't get anything good without chemicals. Chemicals are what keep my hair so high and brown.

BOOMHAUER: Step up, man, get that little ol' guano, man, just like them dang ol' Egyptians, man, gonna change your life, yo... guaranteed to be fresh, man.
DALE: You, sir, why are you afraid to take the guano challenge? Are you afraid it might rock your world? Coward!

BOBBY: We have been working on this garden for a week, and I've tried to resist, but... Dad, give me a wheelbarrow ride.
HANK: Okay, quick.

PEGGY: I've gone straight, I swear. I'm off chemicals. I didn't even use any shampoo or soap or deodorant this morning. Smell me!
PEGGY: Welcome to the Audobon Society's forty-third and Peggy Hill's first annual backyard bird-count!

DALE: Gribble Team ready! I'm assuming you'll want the heads for identification purposes?
HANK: You're supposed to count the birds, Dale.
DALE: Eventually they will be counted.

DALE: These birds don't stand a chance against this ultrasonic bird distress emitter. I was up all night listening to sounds that'll drive you crazy.
HANK: How long does this have to go on for?
DALE: Forever.

DALE: I can't get inside these pigeons' heads! Bill, you're a filthy blocking animal... would this scare you?

DALE: The pest-control world isn't your happy fuzzy propane Candyland where you can just "call" people. To get the baddest of the baddest-ass, promises must be exchanged, payola paid, reputations put on the line.
BILL: Sounds kinda scary.
DALE: Oh, it is, and then some. If the pigeon god... or to her parents, Sheila Repkin, PhD... decides to stoop down to to help our piddly little cause, it will be as if witnessing the beginning of time!

PEGGY: Oh, I will make your birthday party so much fun. And I can be there to gently remind you that as the daughter of an alcoholic, you have a genetic gun pointed at your head, and with every drink you are adding another bullet to the chamber.
LUANNE: Would you be my designated driver?
HANK: No, I don't really... no.
LUANNE: That's okay, Uncle Hank, I'll just drive home drunk. There are so many great things I can crash my car into: A ditch, a telephone pole, a bus-load of babies...

SHEILA: This is one impressive infestation. Was this neighborhood built on a landfill?

SHEILA: Whoa, that's some kind of spray-wand you got there. Bet you could blast one hell of a gopher with that thing.
DALE: I could blast through a horse to get to the gopher.

SHEILA: Dale, honey, would you mind grabbing a cocking gun and helping me out?
HANK: Do you know how many years I wished Peggy would ask me that?

NANCY: Wouldn't that be poetic justice? I come back to Dale and he runs off with another woman?
PEGGY: I would say it's ironic, but you're the one it's happening to, you can call it what you want.

DALE: Nancy, I was just telling Bill and Boomhauer that Sheila's can and your can share some striking similarities. Show 'em your can, Nancy.
NANCY: Sug, you know I don't like you looking at other ladies'... areas.
DALE: How can I help it? She's got your hot bod and my hot mind. It's like a science experiment gone horribly right!

PEGGY: Maybe you need to be more involved in Dale's life. You know, be a bigger part of his world.
NANCY: But Dale's world is so... I don't really want to...
PEGGY: No, neither would I, but you seem to want to save this thing.

LUANNE: Yep. M-hm.

NANCY: THIS IS WHAT YOU DO???

JOHN REDCORN: I'm sure Nancy told you about the time I cured four of her migranes in one night?

HANK: What am I supposed to wear to Luanne's birthday party? I need something that says "I am not some weird old guy in the bar, I am here against my will."

JOHN REDCORN: Nancy, I feel I should warn you... man, this is an awkward call... I think this woman is interested in Dale. You shouldn't let him go out tonight.
NANCY: That's why I sent her to you! What about the massage?
JOHN REDCORN: It was just a massage. And she assumed the tip was included in the gift certificate!

BOUNCER: What's up, Hefner?
HANK: You take that back! I am the designated driver, and I'd like a wristband that reflects that.

CHEESY GUY: Hey, what's your name, Beautiful?
LUANNE: It's Luanne, but you can call me Beautiful. I am totally flirting in a bar!
HANK: I have never needed a beer so bad in my entire life.

BOOMHAUER: Man, I tell you what, man, that dang ol' pigeon's freakin' out.

NANCY: Dale, you cannot go! You just tell your little friend to go on home!
DALE: Well, that's not very friendly. I never told you to tell your friend John Redcorn to go home.

BILL: Maintain, maintain...
BOOMHAUER: Yeah, man, you take it easy... got that li'l ol' nest... birds... sky... you did poop on my car, but... talk about that later, man.

HANK: I just fell down, and you know why? I'm drunk.
LUANNE: So am I! But you're our driver. I can't drive, and you can't drive... how are we gonna drive if we can't drive?
HANK: I know, I know, it's terrible, but... I put this song on! It's mine!
BECKY: You've played the same damn song six times in a row.
HANK: New rule, you can't listen to my song any more.

DALE: This is so great. For the first time, I feel like I'm really detecting rat urine.

DALE: I've taken two oaths in my life: One to the NRA, and the other to Nancy Hicks Gribble, nee Nancy Hicks. I stood in front of God and all my friends, vowing to be an honorable and truthful man. So I'm not gonna lie to you, I have felt a small, insect-like attraction for you. But my wife is the greatest woman there ever was!

DALE: Did you know Sheila was trying to come on to me?
NANCY: No, really?
DALE: Yeah, she was all over me... it was weird. She knows I'm married!
BOBBY: Mom, why is Mr. Dauterive kissing Dad?

BILL: I smelled something coming from your house. Not the usual smell of cooking... pine cleaner... happiness.

HANK: You must be the repairman Peggy hired behind my back.
PEGGY: This is my husband Hank. He's the one who almost killed us.

BOOMHAUER: Talkin' bout ol' Ladybird, man... got the disposition of a dove, man... like, coo-coo-coo, you know what I'm sayin'?
BILL: Yeah, Ladybird's so nice she'd let someone eat out of her own bowl, no matter how drunk they were.

DALE: Yep.
BILL: Yep.
BOOMHAUER: Yep.

BOBBY: Check out his bling-bling!
HANK: There, there, girl, just flow with the nice music and bling-bling.

BUDDHA SACK: Look, I know you're not like that, but if it makes you feel any better, you should take this internet test my brother made us take last Christmas. It's a good test. It said I was racially unbiased, and I love gay people. Didn't see that one coming, but I'm happy.

BUDDHA SACK: We don't know yet!

BOBBY: If you found those dolls in my room, I swear I've never seen them before.
PEGGY: It's okay, Bobby, they're your father's.
BOBBY: Dad plays with dolls?
HANK: No. I'm not playing with dolls. I'm interacting with them.
BOBBY: Oh. Can I interact with the dolls too?
HANK: Sure, son, let's interact together.

DALE: Kahn has a mother? Somehow I always pictured a pod situation.

LAOMA: Uh-oh! Sticky stain!

MINH: My mother-in-law have remaining shifts left at unbeatable prices. Who sign up first?
DALE: I'll take a day. I could use some Asian fingerprints in there.
MINH: Why not you, Bill? Have you become emotionally attached to your many rats and cockroaches?
BILL: No. They can leave any time they want... I wouldn't care.

BILL: Something's on your mind. As a barber, I've seen that look on my own face in the mirror many a time.
LAOMA: Well, there is still a void that neither family nor work can fulfil.
BILL: Yeah, there's a void in my life too. It's nice to talk to someone who has the same void.

LAOMA: A heart attack took my husband away to the next life, but I believe he returned as the gentle wind that blows through this meadow even now.
BILL: My God, that's the most beautiful description of a haunted meadow I've ever heard.

DALE: Bill, she's twenty years older than you! She's literally an old maid! My God, she's perfect for you.

KAHN: Dauterive, my mother get home two hours late last night! You work her overtime?
BILL: I'm sorry, Kahn, we lost track of the hour.
KAHN: Well, that unacceptable. Every time my mother come back from your house, she sweaty and exhausted. From now on, you stop riding her so hard!

DALE: I've been raising show turtles for three years and I've never once put them in a show. I'm a freaking hypocrite.

KAHN: Used to be I could go to work and brag about my family. I say, "My daughter a genius, she build perfect replica of lunar module for advanced placement science class." They have no retort. Now, anything I say, they counter with: "Ah, how's that six-toed possum baby your mother have with redneck?"

KAHN: Astronaut turned Senator. This is the kind of man my mother should be dating: man who conquer moon, not man who conquer moon pie.

KAHN: I wish I could come here under happier circumstances.
BILL: Any problem of yours is a problem of mine.
KAHN: Actually, this one all yours.

BILL: Sometimes you have to move on to find true love. New people show up, some of 'em wearing space helmets, I guess.

KAHN: What a rush! Maybe next I break up Hank and Peggy.

DALE: You'll get a new woman soon, Bill. Remember, you scored with an older chick. You're the man now. Oh, wait, I was thinking of high school. Sorry.

PEGGY: Damn that Laoma! She waltzes into my life, teases me with labor at slave wages, and then runs off to a nursing home.
BOBBY: No soup? Where's the fish course? This isn't right. I'm the first-born male.
PEGGY: Look, I should be in the warm tub right now, contemplating!

HANK: Harrison Schmidt? Really?

KAHN: Mama, it not what it look like. I only did it because the thought of you two together make me sick to the very pit of my stomach.

KAHN: You know, this not so bad. It kind of like those dogs that so ugly, they almost cute.
DOOLEY: I'm in a dance number.

HANK: If you ask me, there might be a silver lining to him not being a dancing cowboy.

HANK: Ah, the flea market. It's like America's garage.

BOBBY: Hey, what are those?
MAN: Those are tarot cards. People use them to tell the future.
BOBBY: They're like baseball cards for Hobbits!

HANK: Dammit, Dale, I told you to stop painting your house number on my curb.
DALE: Sorry, Hank, but I gotta lay low for a while. You have no idea how far the jackals at the Franklin Mint will go to collect a debt.

HANK: See, Bobby? I knew you'd find your thing. And doesn't that sound like more fun than being in a musical about Oklahoma?

BOBBY: This looks like something out of Harry Potter.
WARD RACKLEY: Dude, I just vouched for you.
BOBBY: Uh... if Harry Potter went to hell.

WARD RACKLEY: This, Bobby, is nutmeg. And we use this spice for...
BOBBY: Oh, I remember... give me a second... invincibility.
WARD RACKLEY: Resplendent! The spices sit easily upon you.
SPICE STORE GUY: Oh, you boys are making a cake?
WARD RACKLEY: A cake?
BOBBY: Yeah... a cake of tremendous power!
WARD RACKLEY: Score one for the acolyte!

HANK: Forty-five dollars!? The family Bible cost less than that, and it was written by Jesus!

WARD RACKLEY: Our kind have always been persecuted by those who understand not. From the Salem witch trials of the 1600s to the locker-room beatings and swirlies of today. 'Tis all one.

PEGGY: Hank, I may be a mother, but I am still a woman, and I know a girl repellent when I see it. I want grandchildren! Will you fix this?

HANK: You're Ward Rackley?
WARD RACKLEY: It's one of my many monikers, yes. I am also known as Manolgar of the North Woods, and in certain circles, Austin Aussman Straklabartar.
HANK: How old are you? 30? 40?
WARD RACKLEY: Not even close. I am 5000.
HANK: Don't you have any friends your own age? Someone to drink with? Maybe a girlfriend?
WARD RACKLEY: And waste my seed on a common harlot? Not likely. When the time is right, a maiden will be delivered up to me. Probably from the East.
HANK: Some of this isn't your fault. I mean, a man can only take so many wedgies before he goes to pieces.

HANK: This is a carburetor. Take it apart. Put it back together. Repeat until you're normal.
BOBBY: But Dad, the dark arts are nothing to be afraid of.
HANK: I'm not afraid of that garbage. I'm afraid of you getting your ass kicked every day for the rest of your life because you found a new way to act like a nerd.
BOBBY: Ward said you wouldn't understand.
HANK: Bobby, you don't need a crystal ball to see Ward's future. He's going to live with his mother until she dies, and maybe for a few weeks after.

WARD RACKLEY: You are the chosen one, Bobby. From here on and for all time, you will be known as "Robert the Dog-Quaffer."

JOHN REDCORN: Have you checked out John Redcorn's New Age Healing Center? You really should. On Friday nights, John Redcorn and his band, Big Mountain Fudge Cake, will be playing. I'm John Redcorn.

BOBBY: You can't tell anyone this. Promise me.
JOHN REDCORN: Bobby, I give you my oath as a New Age healer.

NO'RAM WOODBINDER: Destroyus Bobbyus Hillus! Destroyus Bobbyus Hillus!

BOBBY: You guys are so nerdy, even I feel like giving you a wedgie.
KAHN: Hey, Country Bear Jamboree! My grandma send me birthday check, but it not in my mailbox. Which one of you take it?
HANK: Why would we steal your check?
KAHN: How should I know? Maybe your wife needs new pitchfork!
DALE: I hope the new neighbor isn't another Kahn. His cracks about Peggy are funny, but apart from that, he's completely useless.

BIG WILLIE: Hey, Hank, there's a Cowboys game on later, if you want to come over. And you can bring the guys... they seem pretty cool.
HANK: See, Peggy? I told you the guys were cool.

BIG WILLIE: Hey, you guys wanna see some stuff from my career? Hank, you've seen this. It's the football from that kick I blocked. Oh, and here's a picture from that kick I blocked.
HANK: Hey, Willie, here's something you might remember.
BIG WILLIE: Well, well, who's that handsome stud?
DALE: That's you, before the weight gain.

KAHN: One good thing about other hillbillies, at least they all pass out by nine o'clock. This guy needs to shut up or get stronger moonshine.

BIG WILLIE: Rock on!
KAHN: Yes, hello, rock on.

PEGGY: Did you move back the curfew in your block charter? Because that would be very sexy.
HANK: Well, sorry to be a tease, but this is a one-time-only exemption.

DALE: I cannot believe you met Roger Staubach's pool cleaner.
HANK: Yep. We played foozeball. He's a great guy. Just a regular guy, I tell you what.

HANK: My son is getting a clinic from a Dallas Cowboy. I've always said you had a lot of untapped bulk.
BOBBY: I'm gonna do a push-up!

BIG WILLIE:... and that's how I blocked that kick.
HANK: That story gets better every time you tell it.

PEGGY: Hank, how much longer are you going to stare at that big pile of dog droppings?
HANK: Not much longer. It's only been a couple of hours.

BIG WILLIE: You know, I used to think you were cool.
HANK: I can be very cool when someone follows our neighborhood guidelines.

BOBBY: You know, for a guy who was a pro athlete, Willie's drunk a lot.

HANK: Kahn, I'm sorry I didn't believe you. No man should have to live to see this done to his lawn. So I was thinking we could work together to get rid of Willie.
KAHN: I talk to my father-in-law last night. He knows a guy who will do it for $5000.
HANK: Kahn, I'll only operate within the confines of State law and the block charter.
KAHN: You sure about this? 'Cause maybe we can get hit man to throw in Gribble as freebie.

DALE: Over Bill's mutilated and lacerated body, you will! Lay down in front of the mower, Bill.
BILL: Okay.

HANK: What happened to you guys? Bill, don't you remember when this was the kind of neighborhood where you could leave your door unlocked and not have someone steal your refrigerator?
BILL: I've been keeping my food in the tub.
HANK: And Dale, you believed in the block charter so strongly, you signed it with your real name.
DALE: It's the only time I've ever done that.
HANK: Gentlemen, it is a new morning on Rainey Street.

HANK: Why would I tip a car over on my own lawn?
OFFICER BROWN: I don't know. It puzzles me.

KAHN: You big fat muscle-headed load of rat jackal pig dog waste!
BIG WILLIE: You just call me a pig?
KAHN: Oh, you don't like that? Well, I don't care anymore. I don't sleep. My career is going in the toilet. My little girl can't study. And all because some fat jock slob play a little football and "block a kick." I don't even know what it means, to block a kick, but if you can do it, then any idiot can do it!

DALE: Squirrel tactics!!

BIG WILLIE: Willie can't afford another assault charge, partner. That'd be totally uncool.

HANK: Yep.
DALE: Yep.
BILL: Yep.
BOOMHAUER: M-hm.
KAHN: In my experience, a lot of people say they gonna hit you, but not many actually do it.
HANK: What kind of sick bastard runs a water-pipe through a stud without installing a nail-guard?
BOBBY: I don't know!

HANK: What can I do for you?
HOLGUIN: You can put your hand down and step two feet away from me. You might be contaminated.
HANK: What?
HOLGUIN: Your house has tested positive for mold.
HANK: Aaahh!
HOLGUIN: You might not want to take such deep breaths.

HOLGUIN: Don't worry, Mr. Hill, Rob Holguin is going to do everything it takes to get rid of this mold, and your insurance is going to pick up the tab. Everything from frictional irrigation with a concentrated chlorine solution to forced atmospheric dehydration.
HANK: Wait, you're saying you're going to rub it with bleach and then blow it dry?
HOLGUIN: In layman's terms, yes.

PEGGY: Will we be okay to stay here?
HOLGUIN: Well, that's a medical question, Mrs. Hill, and I'm not a medical doctor. Now I'll need you to sign this waiver, which certifies I've informed you that that's a medical question and I'm not a medical doctor.

HANK: If we've been sleeping in this room for twenty years, how come we've never had itching or asthma or any of those other problems we read about?
HOLGUIN: That's probably because the government hasn't found a scientific link between mold and any known health problems... yet.
HANK: Then why do you keep banging holes in our walls?
HOLGUIN: Because I am the hunter, and mold is my antelope, and if I don't bang holes in your walls, my conscience bangs holes in my head.

BOBBY: Can three family members share a living room without driving each other crazy?

HOLGUIN: There's no time to explain how it wasn't my fault! Go, go, go!

DALE: Leave it to you to make a hospital gown look unsexy, Hank.

PEGGY: Hey, Erin Brockovich has got mold. And Ed McMahon. Oh, it killed his dog Muffin. Maybe we'll meet them at a survivors' group.

HOLGUIN: I could throw a dart at the phone book and the house I pick would test positive for mold. And the phone book too.
ADJUSTER: Say that other thing you say, Rob, you know, the "yee-haw."
HOLGUIN: Oh, yeah. Yee-haw! There's gold in them there walls!

HANK: The funny thing about this boot-remover... well, not so much funny as educational... is that it was owned by the man who fired the first shot at the battle of Gonzales.
BOBBY: This one's pretty snazzy, and it looks like it could hold a ton of money. That way, if I wanted to impress someone, I could pull out a really big wad of cash... bam! Dad, gimme a big wad of cash!
HANK: What are you trying to do, get us mugged?

HANK: Bobby, only jackasses go around saying how much money they make.
BOBBY: What are you talking about? Julia Roberts makes $20 million a picture. Are you calling America's sweetheart a jackass?
HANK: It's just vulgar, Bobby. The amount of money a man makes is between him and the professionals down at the H&R Block.

DALE: Yep.
BILL: Yep.
BOOMHAUER: M-hm.
HANK: My boy asked me how much money I make.
BILL: The nerve!
DALE: The less kids know about money, the less likely they are to rat you out under pressure of a Federal investigation.

RICH HANK: Tell you what, Bobby, what say we tally-ho it over to the money room?
RICH BOBBY: Capital idea, Dad. Capital.

CONNIE: I don't know, Bobby. We've lived next door to you for a long time, and you don't seem rich. I mean, you guys don't have half the stuff we do, and everything you do have, we have a better version of.

CONNIE: Maybe your dad is one of those rich misers. A lot of rich people are crazy. They hang onto every penny. Howard Hughes wore Kleenex boxes on his feet, and he wrote an instruction manual on the exact way his staff should serve him a peach.
BOBBY: My dad wrote a 13-step system for putting away groceries.
CONNIE: And there was this woman, they called her "The Witch of Wall Street." She was so cheap that when her son got sick, she refused to pay for a doctor, and they had to cut the kid's leg off. Boy, it seems like the richer people get, the cheaper they get. And the cheaper they get, the crazier they get.
HANK: Bobby, time to wrap pennies!

NANCY: Joseph, sug, you know better than to spread silly gossip. What did Reverend Stroup say? It was something about Jesus, and gossip, and it rhymed.

DALE: "The Millionaire Next Door." I read that book, but I had no idea it was about Hank.

BOOMHAUER: Yeah, dang ol' money's like the wind, man, you only feel it when it's movin'.

JOHN REDCORN: Hank, America is aging. The Baby Boomers will soon become the Senior Boomers. As a recognized leader in the healing industry, I am in a unique position to capture this emerging market. I think you know where I'm going with this. For your investment of only a million dollars...
HANK: What?!
JOHN REDCORN: I'm not asking for a handout. This is an investment opportunity in the New Age Golden Years Assisted Living Facility.
HANK: Sure, I'll give you your million. Do you want it in rubies or fairy dust?
JOHN REDCORN: Someone is going to make a lot of money off this idea. And it could have been us.

HANK: Good job, Bobby. Hey, it looks hot up there. Why don't you come down and take a break?
BOBBY: Breaks are for guys on disability.

DALE: So Hank frittered away his fortune. God, if Peggy was the best he could do with money, what's going to happen now when she leaves him?
BOOMHAUER: Man, talkin' 'bout how the mighty have dang ol' fallen, man.
BILL: I heard it had something to do with the Internet.
DALE: Usually does.
NANCY: I'll bet he's even swarthier in person.

EDUARDO: I have a rule about personal appearances. I do them only for my charity work with the sick children, or for paid vacations on the cruise ships.

BOBBY: Mom, can I come meet him?
PEGGY: You bet you can, but you have to pretend to be a sick child. What? The man only does personal appearances for sick children. So what?
HANK: Peggy, the boy ain't right, but he's not sick.
BOBBY: Can I be in a bubble?

EDUARDO: If the moment is truthful, then stabbing to death el jefe with an icicle will come almost without conscious effort.

EDUARDO: I forget that we have many young viewers. We should probably do more episodes like the one about the monkey who smuggled the cocaine under his little hat.

TEENAGER: Say Vaya con Dios! Hey! Vaya con Dios, you pant-load!

HANK: There's a propane convention in Alberta?

LUANNE: I will do such a good job being you that you will not even know that you're gone.

HANK: Peggy, not in the airport.

LUANNE: I got the recipe from Redbook. Which is actually a magazine.

NANCY: Did you flirt back?
PEGGY: I do not know.
NANCY: Did you blush and giggle a lot when he talked?
PEGGY: I may have blushed and giggled once or twice.
NANCY: Congratulations, sug, you were flirting! But I got to warn you, don't enjoy it too much. Because there's this moment when there is no turning back. All of a sudden you can't remember your husband's name. Your body goes limp. And then you are pulled down by the undertow of passion. You're drowning, sug, but you don't care!
PEGGY: I will never drown, because I am wearing the best life preserver there is. My marriage to Hank.

EDUARDO: I want you, Margherita. I want you as I have wanted no other woman.
PEGGY: And I am afraid you cannot have me, Eduardo, for I have given my heart to another: Hank Hill.
EDUARDO: Oh, I hate this Hank Hill for stealing your heart. Please, I must have you now, or I will throw myself off this cliff.
PEGGY: I must refuse your advances for the second time.

LUANNE: Uncle Hank, V-8 juice has eight vitamins. Beer has one: barley.

EDUARDO: You are the ambassador's beautiful daughter, who speaks no Spanish. We hide in the drug lord's greenhouse. It is very hot and also very dangerous. You must stand close.
PEGGY: Oh! Well, this is how people would stand in a hot, dangerous greenhouse.

HANK: Luanne, stop trying to be your Aunt Peggy. You're no Peggy. You're fired.
LUANNE: Well, I'm glad you're firing me, 'cause being Aunt Peggy is the most thankless job I've ever had! No wonder she ran away to Mexico!

PEGGY: He wants to kiss me much!

PEGGY: Senora Filipe, I just want you to know that nothing happened between us. Even though I was flattered by your husband's advances, I am a happily married woman. I am so sorry, but I am afraid I will not be able to satisfy your lust for me.

EDUARDO: I do not desire you in that way. You are... how you say?... old.

EDUARDO: Vaya con Dios. I meant that as myself, not, you know, the character.
DALE: Don't worry, Boomhauer, Patch may have beat you to the altar, but you'll beat him to the grave. As a bachelor, your life expectancy is seven years shorter than us blissfully marrieds. Even Bill gets a couple of years' credit for that charade of a marriage of his.

BOOMHAUER: Dang ol' destiny, man. Talkin' 'bout the planets align, just like a big ol' dipper, man.

HANK: So your brother is marrying Katherine. She made the best beer.
DALE: Wow, it's like if the Russians landed on the moon after we did, and then married it!

PEGGY: You know, I still remember the day Katherine left for London. Boomhauer stayed in his hot tub for two straight days. I have never seen a man look so unhappy yet so relaxed.

BOBBY: I want to show Patch I've got what it takes to be a ring-boy.
HANK: That's "ring-bearer," and that's Ladybird's job. Besides, you're old enough to be an usher.
BOBBY: An usher? Wow! "Sir, come back when you have a tie."

JOHN REDCORN: Very touching. But something tells me this is not over.

BOBBY: Will you take this burger to be your dinner?

BOOMHAUER: Hey, man, I ain't got no dang ol' problem here, man... tell you what, worry a little about that son of yours, man, carryin' a dang ol' burger on a pillow.

PATCH: Whoo dogs, that's a sweet taste, man... lookin' forward to that meal.
BOOMHAUER: Man, you gotta think 'bout turnin' over a new leaf with ol' Katherine, man... got a lotta vows, man... talkin' 'bout vows!
PATCH: Yo, man, you know, talkin' 'bout you know home man, it's just for drive-through window action now and then, man... I'm talkin' 'bout fast food, baby!

HANK: Yep.
DALE: Yep.
BILL: Fight!

KAHN: You must settle this like men. Angry redneck men. Blunderbuss at twenty paces!

PEGGY: This might be just the kick in the pants Boomhauer needs to snap him out of his Peter Pan lifestyle.
HANK: You know, maybe you're right.
PEGGY: He's not getting any younger, and all the women he dates are. Something's got to give.

BILL: What are Patch and Katherine serving at their wedding? I need to know what color tux to wear, stain-wise.

BOOMHAUER: I... I don't wanna say nothin' 'bout dang ol'...
KATHERINE: Dial back the charm.

HANK: Tomorrow night, from seven to ten p.m., the family room is reserved for a bachelor party. I have a variance from the city; they're letting us have seventy decibels. Same as Bennigan's.
PEGGY: Well, we are having a bachelorette party for Katherine, and Minh is bringing three Patrick Swayze movies.

KRAIG T: Now, the groom mentioned he would like a Happy Ending. You cool with that?
HANK: Of course! He's getting married!

KRAIG T: There is only one rule: to have fun. And to tip generously.

PATCH: Guys' night out, man... talkin'... girls! Why?

HANK: I really thought Boomhauer had come around. I mean, he brought beer. But then... the prostitutes.

PATCH: Dad gum, where's the best man? Where's ol' Hank? Gotta give a speech, talkin' 'bout... "Life's funny sometimes"... like that.
PEGGY: Oh my God, your Hank is dead on. You know, I do a great Bobby.

KATHERINE: When Patch first asked me to marry him, it was a dream come true. But when I got here, I realized how much Patch reminded me of Boomhauer, and I realized I might be trying to recapture something I lost. And then Boomhauer hired a bunch of prostitutes to make me think Patch was some kind of pervert, and I hated him for it. But it was that desperate, crazy romantic move that made me realize maybe there is something still between Boomhauer and me. I'm sorry, Patch, I cannot marry you.
PATCH: No, baby, dad gum wait a minute... it was all me! Yeah! Talkin' 'bout frequent buyer... spent Thanksgiving with them hos, man!
KATHERINE: You're the one who hired those strippers?
PATCH: Dang straight, baby! Dang ol' hopeless romantic.
KATHERINE: No! Boomhauer hiring them because he couldn't stand to see us together is a grand romantic gesture. You hiring them is just plain sleazy! It's over, Patch!
PATCH: No, baby, wait... it was Hank! Dang ol' Hank loves hookers, man!

BOOMHAUER: You know we talked about destiny and the big ol' dipper, man? Well, I'm just like the North Star, I'm always gonna be there, man... just like dang ol' UPS and Hertz Gold, man.
KATHERINE: I feel the same way.
HANK: Yep.
BILL: Yep.
BOOMHAUER: M-hm.
DALE: Nancy refused to make me Eggs Benedict for breakfast again. It's not fair. I'm a good husband. The ones who kill their wives and go to Death Row get to eat whatever they want!

DALE: I let Joseph listen to whatever he wants. 'Course, I'm afraid of Joseph.

PEGGY: He's just playing, Hank. Gangstas and Hos is this generation's Cowboys and Indians.

REVEREND STROUP: If you're looking for entertainment, I do have a very awesome video that you might enjoy.
BOBBY: If it's the one about Esau the Eggplant and the Prodigal Cucumber, I've seen it about a thousand times.

BOBBY: I can't believe you're making me do this. It's so uncool.
HANK: You know what's not cool, Bobby? Hell.

DALE: I'd ask for the world's rarest truffle. Then while they were searching for it, I'd tunnel my way to freedom. Of course, then I'd miss eating the world's rarest truffle. Quite the quandary.

BOBBY: These are my friends from the youth group. They're cool and they're totally Christian.

BOBBY: Anybody mind if I say Grace tonight?
HANK: Sure, Bobby.
BOBBY: I wanna give a shout-out to the man who makes it all happen. Props be to you for this most bountiful meal that sits before us. Okay, check it, God, you've got skillz. You represent in these vegetables and in this napkin and in the dirt that grows the grain that makes the garlic breadsticks that are on this table today, yes-shizz.
HANK: Okay, Bobby, God appreciates the support, but I'm sure He wouldn't want the pot roast to get cold. Now let's wrap it up.
BOBBY: Sure thing. Thanks, J-Man. Peace.

PASTOR K: To be tight with the Lord, you gotta take your faith to the limit. You know what I'm talking about?
KID: The power!
PASTOR K: That's right! Nothing runs without power. Your amp is useless unless it gets that juice, and so are we. So you gotta test all things to find the good.
BOBBY: But how do you know what's good?
PASTOR K: It's whatever sticks to your spirit, man, whatever God tattoos on your soul. We're all searching for that eternal ink.

HANK: Bobby, take that off! You can not wear a t-shirt with that word on it.
BILL: Such vulgarity! Wait, which word, Hank, "Satan" or "sucks?"
HANK: Well, either one.
BOBBY: Why not, Dad? Satan does suck.
HANK: I know, but...
DALE: He's right, Hank. What does your t-shirt say? "Satan Rules?"

BILL: We should have our own last meals.
BOOMHAUER: Hey, man, we can have it over at my place, man... it'll be just like The Breakfast Club, man, except for dinner... and no Judd Nelson either, man.
DALE: There you go! The first meeting of the Last Meal Club convenes at Boomhauer's.
BILL: I love it when we do things!

BOBBY: And then Cain was all like "I ain't s'posed to be lookin' out for my bro, yo."
LUANNE: I didn't know that was in Genesis.

KAHN: The quest for the perfect meal. Of course it must start with shrimp.

PASTOR K: Dude, you don't have to act or dress a certain way for God. You can hang with him any way, anywhere. Don't you think Jesus is right here in this half-pipe?
HANK: I'm sure he's a lot of places he doesn't want to be.

PEGGY: Whoo! I'm out of Egypt! And look at Moses dance!

PEGGY: I was on board with baptizing Ladybird, but how could you destroy those perfect little ears I gave you?

BOBBY: You guys just don't understand how I feel about Jesus!

DALE: Bobby loves God, you worship the devil. Dinners must be tense.

HANK: Oh, damn, his Bible's gone.

LUANNE: I better go now. One of the bands asked me to leave before I give them impure thoughts.

DALE: Here, Bill, let me serve you.
BILL: But I don't want to die.
BOOMHAUER: Dang, man, talkin' 'bout dang ol' superstition... pass the salt, man, I'm gonna throw a bit of that crap over my shoulder, man.
KAHN: Yeah, I had a big lunch that, uh, didn't tempt fate.

BOBBY: I'll say holy, you say ghost! Holy!
CROWD: Ghost!
BOBBY: Holy!
CROWD: Ghost!
PASTOR K: The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want! He make me lie down in green pastures!
BOBBY: They're green, y'all!

HANK: Can't you see you're not making Christianity better, you're just making rock n' roll worse.
PASTOR K: You people are all alike. You look at us and think we're freaks. Come on, even Jesus had long hair.
HANK: Only because I wasn't his dad.

JESSIE: Never come between a kid and his dad. If the man doesn't want his boy praising like you, that's cool.
PASTOR K: Yeah, but...
JESSIE: Now go finish the show before they start moshing out of anger instead of jubilation.

JESSIE: I feel where you're coming from.
HANK: Teenagers.
JESSIE: Amen.

BOBBY: When I turn 18, I'm going to do whatever I want for the Lord. Tattoos, piercings, you name it.
HANK: Well, I'll take that chance. Come here, there's something I want you to see. Remember this?
BOBBY: My beanbag buddy? Oh, man, I can't believe I collected those things. They're so lame.
HANK: You didn't think so five years ago. And how about your virtual pet? You used to carry this thing everywhere. Then you got tired of it, forgot to feed it, and it died.
BOBBY: I look like such a dork.
HANK: I know how you feel. I never thought that "Members Only" jacket would go out of style, but it did. I know you think stuff you're doing now is cool, but in a few years you're going to think it's lame. And I don't want the Lord to end up in this box.

BOBBY: Hey, what's this picture? Mom used to have blonde hair?
HANK: Farrah Fawcett was very popular back then.
MR. STRICKLAND: Zoning board won't give you something for nothing. They passed this public art law. Got to beautify one part of town before they let you uglify another. Keeps everything nice and even.

BOBBY: Do you already know what kind of art you're going to buy? Because I should let you know now, I'm willing to pose for a statue.

BALD ARTIST: A life-size portrait of George Washington. It's a hologram. From here, Washington, but from over here, he morphs into Adolph Hitler. Washington, Hitler. Washington, Hitler.

MIDDLE-AGED MALE ARTIST: Picture Ronald Reagan squatting over...
HANK: Aaahh!
WOMAN ARTIST: I have just the thing. I'm calling it "Industrial Penis # 5."
HANK: Bobby! Car!

BOOMHAUER: Man, you're naive, man... talkin' 'bout ol' Dada, man, little ol' toys in a museum, you know, dang ol' ideas, man.
HANK: I never could understand a word of that art mumbo-jumbo.

DALE: Don Quixote's Authentic Spanish Cuisine and Karaoke went out of business, and guess what I bought from them?... A suit of armor!

HANK: Heck, Peggy, why don't you make the art? It can't be very hard. I mean, even the people who do it for a living don't seem very good at it.

PEGGY: Let me think. Propane... America... the future. I've got it! A Probot!
HANK: A what?
PEGGY: A Probot, Hank. A robot made entirely of propane tanks, welcoming people to the future. A future of Arlen pride, and hard work, and clean-burning barbecues.

TEENAGER: Hey, dude, you wanna stop that?
DALE: No I don't, you armorless jackass!

HANK: What do you think, sir?
MR. STRICKLAND: It don't matter what I think. It could be a statue of two dogs a-humpin', as long as the zoning board thinks it's art.

HANK: I like the Probot. You look at the Probot, he looks at you, you think, "Hey, things are going to be okay."

JAZZ: Your stuff has been flying out of the gallery. Your latest... the Prinker... brilliant.

JAZZ: You don't discover a Peggy Hill every day. It's a rare privilege. But then it happens; you find someone the art world has ignored. Here is someone who, despite having no formal education, has been able to touch us. Her mind lacks the fine tools of the academy, but she hacks and bludgeons with the blunt instruments of her unspoiled, childlike spirit. Since the day she came down from the mountains and became the child-bride of a simple laborer, she has been looking for a way to express her anger at the world passing her by. She is angry, she is practically illiterate, but like a wounded animal crying out, she makes herself heard. Thank you, Peggy, for letting us hear you.

MARGOT: Peggy, you are an inspiration to inbred morons everywhere.

JAZZ: Let's face it: middle-aged hausfrau stacks a bunch of propane tanks, even I'm falling asleep. But say it's made by someone straight out of Deliverance, and ka-ching!

JIMMY: Hey, you make guys too? I make guys. Don't copy my guys! You gotta shake it! Guy don't work if you don't shake it!

JIMMY: Hey, what happen to the stuff I made?
JAZZ: Your art? We sold it.
JIMMY: You sold the stuff I made? I want it back! Give it!
JAZZ: No. Remember, we sell it, I give you money.
JIMMY: I can't make new stuff out of money! Gimme cans! I want cans, yeah, the good ones, to smash 'em!
JAZZ: You don't want money, you want cans?
JIMMY: Yeah!
JAZZ: You're the boss, Jimmy.
JIMMY: I'm the boss!

JAZZ: Look, I can see the inbred hillbilly thing is really bothering you, so I'll make you a deal. I'll say she's insane. But it's got to be criminally insane, or we've got nothing.
HANK: No! Mister, you just sold your last Probot.
JAZZ: How about siphyllitic? Hook-hands? Trans-gender?

DALE: Bill, roll me over so I can kick your ass! Actually, just move your ass closer.

PEGGY: That's right, metal-head. This is personal.
BILL: I always wanted to run with the bulls. Sometimes, when I'm being chased by dogs, I pretend they're bulls.
DALE: Geez, Bill, why run with the bulls? With your weight and cholesterol count, if you want to hasten death, just jump up and down a couple of times.
BILL: No, I want the bulls to do it.

HANK: The boy's got no fight in him. I don't get it. He spends five hours a day playing violent video games... what's the point if they don't have any effect on him?

DALE: Now Joseph, he's bursting with testosterone. Hey, Joseph, wanna wrestle? Aaaaggh! Oh, God, it hurts! It hurts so much!

PEGGY: Bobby doesn't need testosterone, he needs his father's acceptance. If only his glands could secrete that!

PEGGY: There's a PMS for men?

DOCTOR: The stress you're feeling at work could be a result of IMS. It's nothing to be ashamed of. Just think of it like you're having your mensies.

HANK: Got-dang it, I can't find any clean socks! Dang it!

PEGGY: Bobby, do not lay this trip on your father while he's trying to enjoy his coffee. He's stressed enough without you interrupting his coffee-drinking time. All right, Hank, you're free to drink your coffee.

BILL: Yep.
BOOMHAUER: M-hm.
DALE: Y--
HANK: Got-dang right!

DALE: So it turns out I'm not the actual Dale Gribble, but a clone of him. The original Dale Gribble is a super-warrior from the year 2087. The second me, i.e. I, was created to help the first me fight the invading Mongol armies.
HANK: Dale, that's asinine, and here's four reasons why. First, you're not gonna clone a super-warrior out of a guy who can't even win a thumb-wrestling match. Two, you've spent your life swearing that the robots will eliminate the clones by the year 2010, so which is it, robots or clones? Three, you've already said you sympathize with the invading Mongolians of 2087, so you'd be the last one they'd send to fight them. And four, if you were from the future, you would have seen this coming.

NANCY: He is so energetic, and confident, and happy, and in shape, and-- oh, sug, he's having an affair.
PEGGY: Nancy, I can assure you whatever's going on with Hank is not being caused by another woman.
NANCY: Sug, what else rejuvenates a middle-aged man like that? An affair would explain everything. Except his pimples.
PEGGY: Oh, those are just a side effect.
NANCY: Side effect?
PEGGY: From... happiness. They're just little zits of joy.

JOSEPH: S'up?
HANK: S'up?

HANK: Dinner can wait. Right now I say we hit the bedroom.
PEGGY: Hank! We can't fool around now. Your father is on his way over for dinner.
HANK: What? Dangit, he always ruins everything! Why does he have to be here? I got my own house so I wouldn't have to put up with his crap anymore!

DOCTOR: Peggy, the amount of testosterone you've given Hank is dangerous. You've effectively caused him to go through puberty again.
PEGGY: Well, that would explain the constant hair-combing and why he's hanging out at the mall all the time. But don't worry, I've stopped cold turkey.
DOCTOR: Whoa, don't do that. When the body is given excessive testosterone, it effectively stops producing its own. As a result, Hank's testicles may have shrunken by up to twenty percent.
PEGGY: Oh, my God! This is just the kind of thing that upsets him!

HANK: A man does what he has to do, even if he doesn't want to. You didn't want to take a shower, but you did. Running with the bulls is my shower.

VICTOR: Obviously we wanted to say this to you now, in the event that you become dead sometime within the next half-hour.

HANK: Between the drugging and the lying, someone in this family has got to show a little got-dang integrity.

DOOLEY: Where's my soap?
RAMON: I call this "eggs over easy."
TILLY: I don't know whether to laugh or cry.
HANK: So your best bet is, you know, neither.

PEGGY: That is a big van.

HANK: Truckers are the last cowboys. They're their own bosses, making tough decisions, winning or losing by the calls they make, answering only to the road.
BOBBY: Sounds hard.
HANK: It is. Now, would you like to make this trip with your old man?
BOBBY: Heck yeah! Dad, do I have your permission to say "Hell yeah?"
HANK: Just a minute.

PEGGY: A trucker and his boy, and they've promised their mom to be home by Christmas. Hank, this is one of those novelty Christmas songs that always sells a million freakin' copies! I have always wanted to get in on that racket.

BOBBY: I don't think I can ever go back to cocoa!

PEGGY: There are just no good words that rhyme with "truck."

DALE: We brought food... maybe we can squeeze moisture out of it. Let's see: Chips... barbecue chips... vinegar flavor... hot n' spicy... saltines! No!!!

CORNELL: I hate to spoil your fun, sir, but you're not a trucker. You're just a guy with a truck.

DALE: Hank, we're not gonna drink Bill after all, okay?

PEGGY: This is the saga our song will tell. Hank and Bobby find a snowman hitchhiking through Arizona. He will melt to death unless he gets home to the North Pole by Christmas. Hank and Bobby take him home. The snowman's family is so grateful they invite them to their Christmas snowman dinner.

LUANNE: We have differences. Like in Simon versus the Garfunkel.

DALE: Look how straight the lines are. It'd be easy to get highway hypnosis. Bill, you are getting sleepy...
BILL: It's working. I'm so sleepy.
BOOMHAUER: Make him think like a dang ol' chicken, man.

DALE: Hank, we're having trouble with the engine. And the clutch. Oh, and we're on top of a mountain. I think it might be a rocky mountain.

DALE: Let's just say mistakes were made. Then other, larger mistakes.

BOBBY: Sure we're in a hole, but real truckers are in a hole all the time, and they don't give up. They figure out a way to get through. You're not just a guy with a truck, Dad.

BIG JOHN: What were you gulpin' on? Reds? Binnies? Apple wacky?
HANK: Oh, I don't go in for the fancy flavored coffees. Just plain old Joe.
HANK: The new guy starts on Monday, and I'm kind of nervous for him. It can't be easy, coming in as a rookie to a championship team.
PEGGY: That's true. Thirteen years later, Ladybird still has it out for Bobby.

HANK: That was Marettie's Grill. They're having trouble with the burners again. I need an eight-inch "L" pipe.
RICH: That's what she said!
HANK: Oh, did their hostess call too?
RICH: Uh... yeah.
HANK: Huh. Here's one. Well, I should be back soon. I just hope the threading's not stripped... if I have to do it manually, I'll be down there for hours.
ENRIQUE: That's what she said! Right?
RICH: Yes, Enrique, that is exactly what she said.
HANK: Yeah. Heh-heh. Don't know why I'm laughing. It sounds like I'm gonna be down there all night.

PEGGY: People do love the off-color jokes. You would not believe how many times the kids ask me how to say "poo-poo" in Spanish. It's La tierra della trasero. The literal translation is "The earth of the butt." I made it up, but the kids seem to like it.
BOBBY: And how!

BOOMHAUER: I tell you what, man, it's like the dang ol' world's becoming a sewer... got them shock jocks, and them rappers too... got Miss Manners' panties in a bunch, man.
BILL: You're right. I can't believe the filth they're putting on TV these days. And they beam it right into my home. I hit the pay-per-view button, and there it is, right in front of me.

MR. STRICKLAND: Y'all should be well advised to do what this man tells you. He is my proxy when I am in abstentia.

MR. STRICKLAND: You're fast, boy.
RICH: That's what she said... about Joe Jack!
MR. STRICKLAND: You're funnier than that comedian who ruined Monday Night Football!

BILL: Hey, Hank, you want a beer?
HANK: What I want is a professional working environment where it's hard work that earns your colleagues' respect, and not the ability to rhyme your name with a body part. You got that in your cooler, Bill?
BILL: If I check, you're gonna make fun of me, right?

HANK: Thanks for seeing me, Mrs. Borginnis.
MS. BORGINNIS: It's Ms. Borginnis, but yes, I'm married, and Borginnis is my husband's name.

HANK: This guy Rich has been making a lot of jokes.
MS. BORGINNIS: Jokes? What kind of jokes? Knock-knock? Ding-dong? What are we talking about here?
HANK: Uh... jokes that use vulgarity. You know, jokes about morning nature functions. Plus I can't say the word "meat" without someone giggling. And yesterday, someone took my employee of the month picture and drew a beard on it. But not where you think.

HANK: Sexual harassment is an umbrella term. It doesn't just cover women, but also men, and... uh... transgendered individuals.
PEGGY: Hank, you could be a trailblazer. Now, I know it is not easy being the first, but it could mean that you will be the last. That's a good line for the movie. JoBeth Williams will knock it out of the park!

HANK: I talked to this lawyer, and she thinks we have a case for male-on-male sexual harassment.
ENRIQUE: Sexual harassment?!
HANK: It's an umbrella term.

HANK: Don't you wish we could still say words like "meat" and "tool" and "unit" without someone turning it into something foul? Well, those are our words. I say we take 'em back.

HANK: Okay, team, gather round. I'm going to tell you about the new improvements to the Wagner 2800 series. The first thing is that it'll smoke your meat. And it's got a nice big rack for your buns.
ENRIQUE: Or weiners.
HANK: Or weiners. Why not?
JOE JACK: Feels good to say "weiners" again.
DONNA: Or "sausage."
ANNOUNCER: And Joseph Gribble is sacked for another loss.
DALE: Common name. No relation.

ANNOUNCER: And that's the ballgame. The Longhorns lose their fourth straight. Principal Moss... who drives a black Altima usually parked in front of the school... thanks you for attending.

PEGGY: I really did stay sweet.

JO RITA: The cheerleading squad doesn't get trophies for how good the football team does. We get them for motion and dance, basket tosses, jumps and attitude.

CONNIE: Your mom's a cheerleader?
BOBBY: Wow, I thought that was just more of her big talk. Maybe she really did see Dan Rather at the mall.

CONNIE: It's amazing! I put on this outfit and it's like I'm... what's the opposite of invisible? I've never had to know.

JO RITA: The last thing our cheerleaders need is to be distracted by the game.

PRINCIPAL MOSS: Sorry I'm late. It took longer than I thought to wipe the eggs off my car.
DALE: Sorry I'm late. It took longer than I thought to egg Moss's car.

PRINCIPAL MOSS: I can't have bored students at an assembly. It's just asking for trouble. I'm gonna cue the band.
PEGGY: Oh, no! No! Not the band!

PEGGY: I have learned something today: people like violence. From now on, we will demoralize the other team by systematically mock-xicuting their mascots.

CHEERLEADERS:
Hi there, hi there, we won't gloat,
We'll stab the Cougar in the throat!
And when at last the Cougar's dead,
We'll make him see red, red, red, red!

TEACHER: No hats in the lunchroom, Dooley. Take it off.
DOOLEY: I'll die in these horns.

PEGGY: Ladies, we have a problem. Knife play is just not enough anymore. Ideas? Yellow jacket, go!
CONNIE: We could rip open its thorax and stuff it with its own abdomen.
PEGGY: Bobby, how's your death rattle?
PEGGY: Great! Now, who do we play after that?
MERILYNN: The Boswell Bears.
PEGGY: Okay. Now, how do you make a bear suffer?
CONNIE: Tie it up and torture its young!
PEGGY: There's no mascot we can't torture.

PEGGY: Jo Rita, who's next?
JO RITA: The Tornadoes. How are you gonna kill a tornado?
PEGGY: Shoot it.

PAT: ...And after the game, somebody called me "Pat" in the parking lot. It is my name, but he had no way of knowing that!

PEGGY: You were all behind me when it was the Cougars and the Bears and the Mudhawks! It would have been disrespectful of me not to bludgeon the Irishmen!

PRINCIPAL MOSS: You can keep on teaching Spanish, but we have to keep an eye on you in case you decide to go after them too.

EMILY: Sorry, Mrs. Hill, Principal Moss gave me strict orders not to let you into the game.
HANK: What? That's ridiculous!
EMILY: Stay out of this, sir. Our beef's not with you.

JO RITA: Connie, get down here or you can say goodbye to the uniform and a guaranteed seven candid photos in the school yearbook!
DALE: Find land. Plant this. I will meet you at the rendezvous.

LUANNE: Did Uncle Hank order a duck? Because there's one in the mailbox.

HANK: They say one of the big problems in a shelter is that people often get shelter shock, where they become dependent and childlike. We don't have a lot of room for error with Bobby.
PEGGY: Don't worry, Hank, Bobby will not go baby on my watch. I'll put pepper on his thumbs, just in case.

LUANNE: It's like God took our picture before He kills us.

HANK: Remember, Ladybird, the other dogs will be looking to you for leadership. Be strong.

KAHN: Chaos already ruling. This like when city of Luang Phrabang fall, and we snag sweet diplomatic license plates!

BOBBY: I always thought I'd die in this gym.

BOBBY: Mom, can I go play hide-and-seek with Joseph?
PEGGY: Hide-and-seek? Oh, my God, it's happening! Bobby, grow up! Now, here's the school's master key. Go to the teacher's lounge, have some coffee, and bitch about your friends.
BOBBY: Okay.

WOMAN: He's the Arlen Flooder!

JOSEPH: Hey, let's go to the girls' locker room and stand where naked girls have stood!

KAHN: Ah, best location in all of gym is ours. Yes, people admire us. But how do we make them fear us?
MINH: The man who controls the phone controls the shelter. Control the man who controls the phone, Kahn!
KAHN: Understood!

HANK: Dale, put that stuff down.
DALE: You're not the boss of me. Bill's the boss of me. And he says my plan is bold and innovative.

KAHN: Your hillbilly friend is drunk on power for once, instead of corn-squeezin's.

KAHN: Don't worry, I support coup. And maybe then you give me five minutes alone with sticky-bun cart.

DALE: So, Nancy, what do you think of my ark? Pretty yare, huh?
NANCY: Oh, it's real yare, sug.

KAHN: Go, you mighty behemoth!

CONNIE: You can't just stick fake pictures of yourself in the yearbook!
BOBBY: Take it up with the class president.
CONNIE: Do you have any idea how much trouble you can get into for submitting fake awards and activities pages?
BOBBY: No...
JOSEPH: But these yearbooks won't come out until we graduate, right?
CONNIE: I call prom queen!

HANK: Bill, you got lucky. The flood ended before we ran out of food and toilet paper. But now it's time to do your job. The goal of a shelter leader is to get these people out of here and back to their real lives.
BILL: But my real life sucks.
HANK: Bill, you've done a good job keeping people happy, mostly by turning them against me. But now's your chance to go out on top. You could be like Ted Williams. Heck, people are still fighting over his frozen head.
PROFESSOR: Miss Platter, are you in my class to learn history or do hair?
LUANNE: Hair!

PEGGY: May I remind both of you that Luanne Platter, hairstylist, failed her cosmetology exam? Luanne Platter, history student, would have known that.

DALE: They're always talking about college, but have any of you ever actually seen one?

BILL: If there's one thing I've learned in my twenty years of barbering, it's this: It will grow back. If you did a great job or a bad one, it will grow back.
LUANNE: Gosh, you sure know a lot about cutting hair.
BILL: Yeah, well, I've been around a bit. I remember when I was your age, life seemed so full of possibilities. Bruce Jenner's hair had fired the imagination of a nation. Oh, Lord, glory days.
LUANNE: Mr. Dauterive, after I pass my state board exam, maybe I can live the dreams that you're too old to live.

COLETTE: I'm Colette Davis, I own Hottyz. That's right, the one with the "z."
LUANNE: You brought the messy ponytail to Arlen, and then two weeks later you trashed it as uncool!
COLETTE: Guilty. You know, I think you have the Hottyz vibe. And I know vibe. The Arlen Advocate says I invented it.

BILL: I can give you some money, Luanne. I was just going to use it on... you know... the Internet.

LUANNE: Mr. Dauterive, if you don't take a chance, you'll end up miserable like Mr. Dauterive.

BILL: Last night, I dreamed about hair. But it was a good dream this time, not the one where it forms a noose and hangs me.

LUANNE: Mr. Dauterive got kicked right in the... well, I didn't see where her foot went, but she said "bullseye."
PEGGY: That's the real world for you: Mr. Dauterive getting kicked in the groin.

LUANNE: Dear Lord, I don't want to go back to college, so please help me be sexy. Amen.

LUANNE: Your hair is so sexy. It reminds me of... sex.

CLIENT: I'm here for Rico.
BILL: Well, B-Do can help you now.

BILL: I could go for a beer.... uh.... or a pink squirrel. Yeah, I like my drinks the same as my men... strong and sweet and under an umbrella.

BOBBY: Hello. Which hair gel do you suggest for my hair type? "Virgin" or "Dirty Girl?"
HANK: Bobby. Truck.

LUANNE: Uncle Hank, this is so great. I'm succeeding in the real world, one updo at a time!

DALE: Pirate? Gondola operator? Waiter? Pirate waiter?
HANK: He's supposed to be gay, Dale.
DALE: Really? I don't see it.

BILL: Women who are normally repulsed by me are letting me brush their hair, massage their shoulders, compliment their bottoms.
PEGGY: Hank, you know who else went to college?
BILL: Hey, Peggy. Let's go invite your hair to that party the rest of you is throwing.
PEGGY: Oh, Bill.

COLETTE: When you were gay, you were intriguing with an artistic bent. Now that you're straight, you're just a sleazy barber.

LUANNE: I already failed out of college. I cannot fail out of the real world. There are no other worlds for me to go to.

BILL: Why can't I be gay? I had it all: women, money, fancy clothes.

HANK: So you used Bill up and then you cast him aside. Do you have any idea how hurtful that is every time it happens to him?

LUANNE: Mr. Dauterive is a great hairstylist. Don't you see? Mr. Dauterive can't help that he's straight. It's just the way he was born, it's in his DNAs. Now, hair does not know gay from straight. It just wants to be loved. Shouldn't we all be more like hair? I know I wish I had been more like hair to my friend Mr. Dauterive.

LUANNE: It's great to stop pretending I'm someone else so I can go back to pretending I'm me again.

JACK: All right, I stole Hottyz's first chair away! And so the scales begin to tip for Jack. Maybe I'll start paying back the Muscular Dystrophy jar.
PEGGY: You'll be fine. I've gotten rid of that hatrack you said looked like the devil.

BOOMHAUER: Yeah, man, like ol' Ted Nugent said, you can't grill it unless you kill it, talkin' 'bout whoosh, man.
BILL: I use my survival training every day. Being alone in the woods prepared me for being alone everywhere else.

HANK: To catch a fish, you've got to think like a fish.
BOBBY: Hm. "I'm wet and I don't even know it."

PEGGY: Okay, bird: "Awk! I love Dora Shelwyn!" Who's a good bird? "I love Dora Shelwyn! Awk!" Come on, bird, I've got all day.

HANK: I'm trying to teach my son self-reliance.
FRISBEE HIPPIE: No, I'm trying to teach him self-reliance.
HANK: What??
FRISBEE HIPPIE: Yeah. The thing about self-reliance is, it's like, bad.

BOOMHAUER: Man, I thought ol' Reagan got rid of all of 'em in the '80s, man... talkin' 'bout ol' yippie-to-yuppie, man.

APPLE-SEED: It's the Gathering, bro! Everyone's here: crunchies, hippies, earth-mothers, vegans and hyper-vegans.

HANK: Don't tell me that's covered by the First Amendment.
RANGER BRADLEY: Public defacation is protected as long as they say it's a political or artistic statement. And they do.

HANK: Dangit, if I have to pull one more hook out of Bill....

FUDGIE: Everything's free, little bro. This ain't the Ronald McMoney scene.

HANK: You can't leave! What kind of lesson is that for the boy?
DALE: A good one. He can learn from our bad example.

TOPAZ: The gumbo is gone-bo.

FUDGIE: Fudgie's hungry now.

BILL: Hey, Hank. My new name is "Energy Turtle."

HIPPIE: All right, negative vibe, negative vibe. The circle will resume after a a round of Jumping Jacks.
HANK: Oh, God, don't ruin Jumping Jacks!

HANK: Aaahh! My sleeping bag! Your nudity!

BOBBY: I ate hippie gumbo!

BOBBY: Maybe it's just like you said: to catch a fish, you have to think like a fish. We just have to think like hippies.
HANK: That is impossible.
BOBBY: Come on, Dad, just try. Okay: I'm a hippie, and I'm naked because I smoked all my clothes.
HANK: Yeah. And I don't like to work.
BOBBY: Right. I like everything handed to me. I'm just like a kid.

RANGER BRADLEY: Did you know that hippies are the number-one source of airborne and waterborne pollution, right in front of Dow Chemical and Mexican trucks?
HANK: Uh... I'm not sure about that, but those hippies have got to go. What if Bobby and I took care of them ourselves?
RANGER BRADLEY: Great! How many firehoses do you need? I've got some pepper spray that could take down a bear.
HANK: Or we could just shut off some of the park services.
RANGER BRADLEY: Well, that doesn't sound quite as interesting, but you're on your own.
BILL: John Force is the greatest funny-car racer ever. He's done more in a quarter-mile than I've done in my whole life.

PEGGY: Word on the street is that Miriam Caney has been throwing up in the bathroom the last few mornings. So I better put in a little face-time with Principal Moss if I want to land that sweet, sweet maternity gig.

BOBBY: Tune in tomorrow when Bobby hill takes over the announcements. If this goes well, class clown is a walk.

DALE: Count me out. The vast majority of unauthorized face removals happen to people in hospitals.
HANK: You disappoint me, Dale.
DALE: Get in line.

DALE: That silent treatment won't work on me. I don't need you to talk to. I've got my thoughts. I can't be alone with my thoughts!! You've heard them!

EMILY: Mike Soto didn't need to be funny. He had credibility. You better be funny.

HANK: Dangit, Dale, you're not even gonna think about it? We're talking about John Force.
DALE: Not for long.

JOHN FORCE: I can't thank you enough for doing this, Dale. My kids thank you too.
DALE: They're gorgeous, now let's talk turkey. If you want my kidney, I gotta get something in return.
HANK: Dale!
JOHN FORCE: No, it's okay. What can I do for you?
DALE: First off, I reserve the right to call you twenty-four hours a day to prove to people that I know you. I do not play favorites with my organs: if you take my kidney on vacation, my other organs go too. And finally, I want you to put the Dale's Dead-Bug on top of your racer.
JOHN FORCE: That thing's gonna slow me down a bit.
DALE: Not as slow as if you're dead.

DALE: I can't afford to be out of commission for three days. As one of Arlen's leading skeptics, I've got my fingers in a lot of pies.
HANK: But Dale, you made a deal. What about all that great stuff you got from John?
DALE: Damn, the stuff! Stuff is my weakness!

DALE: You have to make sure that nothing happens to me, that no one steals my brain. Or if they do, they replace it with one of equal or greater value.

HANK: Where am I supposed to get mice?
DALE: I left a plate of bacon in your attic... you should have plenty by nightfall.

PEGGY: Bobby, the reason people weren't laughing is not because you weren't funny, it was because they didn't know they were supposed to laugh. You are as funny as Wacky and Steve on Power-100, or even that Morning Dog Pound. The only thing that separates you from them is... a cowbell.
BOBBY: Really?
PEGGY: Yes. Your audience doesn't want to work so hard. The cowbell enables them to laugh without having to think. The cowbell tells them "Yes, the joke is over, and yes, it was funny." Hey, Luanne, guess what we're having for dinner tonight? Flapjacks! I said, flapjacks!
LUANNE: Now I get it!

DALE: Four knocks and a honk?
HANK: Gun club.
DALE: Three knocks?
HANK: Just hand the guy the Folger's can of money.
DALE: This is my business line. Answer it only between 9:08 and 9:23.

MAN: Look, Gribble's got a standing order for alien urine. Eight drums, $319. You won't find a better price.
HANK: That seems like a lot of money. Couldn't this wait thirty hours?
MAN: In thirty hours it'll be pure zephyrum!

DALE'S DEAD BUG: A Liberian Registered Corporation

OCTAVIO: You're the new Gribble, right? I need to talk to you.
HANK: Octavio??
OCTAVIO: It's Tuesday. I need you to break my fender.
HANK: What? Are you asking me to help you commit some kind of fraud?
OCTAVIO: Are you backing out on me, new Gribble? We had a deal.

HANK: I'll need to think about this.
DR. TABOR: What do you mean, you'll need to think about this? What kind of person wouldn't give a kidney to a ten year-old boy?
HANK: Well... Dale.

DALE: ...Nancy, what's Redcorn doing in our shower?...

OCTAVIO: Yo, jefe, where is Gribble's kidney? I lined up a buyer in Caracas. He outbid this dude in Ireland by forty euros.

DALE: Come any closer and this baby's good for nothing but an Englishman's breakfast.
HANK: Dale, just hold on. Let's talk about this.
DALE: No! Now, I'm going to need an unmarked jet and two parachutes, one kidney-sized.

DALE: Hank, it sounds like you did everything right except giving away my kidney. And since I traded it for a bunch of kiddie toys, I guess we both let me down.

DALE: So, while you were me, did you sleep with Nancy?
HANK: No!
DALE: Too late.
HANK: Can Daletech do anything about getting me a privacy hedge?
DALE: To be honest, we're more into the invasion of privacy business, not the creation of privacy business.

HANK: Bobby, did you drink my grapefruit juice?
BOBBY: Yeah, sure, Dad, I drank your grapefruit juice. I had it with a big bowl of broccoli.

HANK: They have daycare for seniors?
PEGGY: It's the newest craze. Since life expectancy has spiralled out of control, many nursery schools are being converted to accomodate seniors. I'll pack him a sack lunch.

COTTON: Whatcha doin'? Some kind of woman's work?

SOCIAL DIRECTOR: Sorry about the murals, but we're still in transition.
COTTON: Don't matter to me, madam. Where can I transition into my underpants?
SOCIAL DIRECTOR: Oh, did you have an accident?
COTTON: "We take Blue Cross?" What kind of brothel is this?

COTTON: All right, I'm in charge of keeping the peace now. So if anybody thinks I'm not worth the spit to shine a shoe, they better be willing to talk to me and my partner, Sergeant Whippy.

DALE: Cotton's got to go. But he's got Hank behind him, and Hank's the alpha neighbor. I'm gamma or delta at best.

PEGGY: I don't know, Hank. Cotton working as a cop? He has a terrible human rights record.

PEGGY: Cotton, that is an outdoor toy.
COTTON: Ten-four, Manimal!

COTTON: Dangit, Wolfman! Your belly-beard done burned out the motor!

BILL: You've got to help me.
DALE: Well, you're not a member of Daletech, but I guess I could intervene just this once.
BILL: Thank you, Daletech.

COTTON: The weight of a jalopy always crushes the truth out of a man.
DALE: He called your car a jalopy. That is literally adding insult to injury.

COTTON: Dang butterfly!!
BILL: Now I understand why lion tamers get mauled every so often.

BILL: He pulled my belly hairs with a juicer!
LUANNE: It took me sixteen years to get my first driver's license! I'm too old to start over!
BOBBY: He keeps on pressing me to name Connie as a Communist. I had to!

DALE: Daletech's a bust. I guess this isn't the right economic climate for an expensive, poorly-trained visionary.

DALE: You really shouldn't feel so worthless. I'm much more of a burden on my family, and I feel great.

MINH: Hey, slow down. That juice expensive for poor hillbillies like us.
KAHN: Oh, you right. I shouldn't have done that. I'm a very bad redneck, Peggy Hill.
MINH: Maybe I teach you a lesson. After all, I'm always blabbing about being a substitute teacher.
KAHN: You look as sexy to me as propane tank, I tell you what.

KAHN: I promise never to do it again! We go back to library reading room if we need cheap thrill!

KAHN: Hey, this tape pretty good. Can I have it?
TEACHER: Bobby, you were supposed to research an actual president. Martin Sheen is an actor.
BOBBY: Oh, yeah? Tell that to the fifty million people he helped with his poverty bill.

HANK: You can't keep coming home after school and plopping down in front of the TV.
PEGGY: M-hm. It is not good for you or the couch.

HANK: Now go start that report.
BOBBY: But which president should I... Ronald Reagan.

HANK: Since when is pop culture academic?
DALE: It's serious business, Hank. You can't be a respected university these days without offering a major in commercial jingles or the films of M. Night Shyamalamalan.
BOOMHAUER: Yeah, man, talkin' about dang ol' Oberlin, man, they got a Phi Beta Kappa in them muppets, yo.
HANK: Well, that's asinine. What kind of job can you get with a degree in pop culture?
DALE: You can be a professor of pop culture. Wow. Bobby the Professor.

PEGGY: Just think, if I hadn't sat him in front of the TV to keep him from crying, we would not be here today.

HANK: You know, I wanted Bobby to become the kind of kid who did stuff after school, but the stuff after school is just becoming more like Bobby.

HANK: I can't believe you're giving him breakfast in bed. Breakfast was his only motivation to leave his room.
PEGGY: Hank, we are the parents of a gifted child. It is our job to nurture him.
HANK: But the whole point was to get him out of the house.
PEGGY: If you were Einstein's father, we would not have the Bomb.

CONNIE: I'm glad you joined the Quiz Bowl team, Bobby. I really, really like winning.

BOBBY: Do sweeps start this week or next?
HANK: I don't know what that means.

DIRECTOR: When I directed this scene, the sky wasn't sad enough. Read how we fixed it in post in the companion book.

KELLY CLARKSON: I'm Kelly Clarkson. I won American Idol and my debut album went to number one. One song on my album I wrote with Christina Aguilera, who was in the Mickey Mouse Club with Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake. Justin is a member of N'Sync. They sang on the soundtrack of The Grinch, starring Jim Carrey. Jim Carrey was in a movie with Renee Zellwegger, who's worked with Catherine Zeta-Jones, who's worked with John Cusack, who has a house in Malibu near Pamela Anderson, who dated Scott Baio, who was on Happy Days with Ron Howard, who directed Apollo 13 starring Tom Hanks, who is married to Rita Wilson, who was in Mixed Nuts with Steve Martin, who...

DOCTOR: Teen stress is a very serious problem. It can lead to ulcers and all kinds of medical concerns.
PEGGY: What should I do? Should I give him a hug? Or does he need space?
DOCTOR: There is a book I can recommend...
PEGGY: Oh, thank God, there's a book.

PEGGY: It says here that what Bobby needs is a lifestyle change. Their words, my emphasis.

PEGGY: Okay. I just burned myself. But you are very, very safe.

BILL: It's tough being a kid these days, Hank. All we had to worry about was Vietnam, Charles Manson, swine flu...
HANK: Is it that bad now? Heck, a hundred years ago, kids were working in pork factories and coal mines. You can't tell me that wasn't stressful.
DALE: Hank's right. When Disneyland first started, it was completely powered by orphan children running on treadmills in underground tunnels. And today those kids are the New York Yankees.

HANK: Stress isn't bad, Bobby. Heck, if we weren't stressed about the Nazis taking over Europe, we would never have fought World War Two.
DOCTOR COLE: Just have your office send over your worker's compensation forms, and I'll sign off on them.
HANK: Worker's comp? Do I look like a hobo to you? No, sir, I am not going on welfare.
DOCTOR COLE: If you insist on working, I'll write you a prescription for pain medicine.
HANK: Whoa there, Dr. Feelgood, I work at a propane dealership, not Woodstock.
DOCTOR COLE: Then I'm sorry, but all Western medicine can really offer you are drugs and nothing. But some people have had good luck with yoga. I hear there's a studio over in McMaynerbury.
HANK: Yoga? Isn't that a cult?
DOCTOR COLE: The group that rented the space before them was a cult. That's probably what you're thinking of.

YOGI VICTOR: Relax. I'm going to move the energy from your thighs to your buttocks now.
MALE STUDENT: Hey, is my back straight?
YOGI VICTOR: Face the wall!

YOGI VICTOR: Let me tell you a story. Once I was like you: skeptical, nearsighted, paunchy. Then I met a special friend. This glorious friend took me to places I thought I'd never...
HANK: Excuse me, but is this one of those stories where this special friend of yours turns out to be yoga?
YOGI VICTOR: What time do you evacuate your bowels?
HANK: What??
YOGI VICTOR: There's only one right answer: between four and six in the morning.
HANK: Well, this was a great way to spend a lunch hour.
YOGI VICTOR: Lunch is one of the worst things you can do to yourself!

PEGGY: Paper or plastic?
CUSTOMER: Plastic.
PEGGY: That was a rhetorical question.

HANK: More X-rays? I've had 40 got-dang X-rays already.
DR. WALLIS: Nobody said making money was easy, Mr. Hill. Think of getting X-rays as your new job.

PEGGY: You know, bagging groceries has given me a sort of window into people's lives. I bag their groceries, I tell them to have a good day, but I'm not sure they do.
CHET: I'm up to three beers on my lunch break.

BOOMHAUER: Man, you been knocked down in your prime, talkin' 'bout like in ol' Brian's Song, man, the part where they go, talkin' 'bout, "hang in there, Picc."
BILL: You'll see, Hank, lying around the house alone all day isn't so bad. After a while, your couch and your TV will become your mother and father. The couch is your mother.

HANK: Can you turn the lights a little brighter?
JOHN REDCORN: No, that's as bright as they go.
HANK: Can you turn the music off?
JOHN REDCORN: No. It's wired to the lights.

HANK: We've been doing stretches for half an hour. When are we going to get to the yoga?
YOGI VICTOR: Ha, ha, ha! Hank, do you tell the blood to start flowing through your veins or the air to start filling your lungs? You probably do.
HANK: You know, Vince Lombardi won five championships without ever using sarcasm. He just yelled and shoved people.

HANK: Son of a gun, it's working!
YOGI VICTOR: It's not working. It is.

YOGI VICTOR: This is the first time I've ever been disgusted by the human body.

YOGI VICTOR: One can't leave yoga, Hank. One...
HANK: Yeah, yeah, I know, everything is one way, then it's the opposite. Gotta go.

MR. STRICKLAND: I'd love to help you, Hank, but you're on your own. I know you're telling the truth, but when I get on the stand, I got a nasty habit of incriminatin' myself. We can't have us both in the pokey!
HANK: But what about Team Strickland?
MR. STRICKLAND: Yeah, I never understood what you meant by that, Hank.

CHAIRMAN: Mr. Hill, worker's-comp fraud is a big problem in this state. You know how many mailmen slipped on ice last year? 412. You know how much ice we got in Texas? None.

CHAIRMAN: You did yoga? Are you sure you played American football and not soccer?

HANK: If it please the fraud hearing, I would like to call a surprise witness.
CHAIRMAN: Wow! We've never had one of those before.

YOGI VICTOR: I can attest that he came to class complaining of debilitating back pain. He attended three classes and left. He bought no merchandise and complained about the incense.

HANK: Let me ask you, what healthy person would voluntarily spend five minutes with this joker? If I wasn't in horrible pain, wouldn't I have kicked this guy's ass?

YOGI VICTOR: I demand you buy a tank top.

HANK: The jerk from the yoga class calls this move the "Sun Seeker," but I like to call it "Modified Roger Staubach."
ENRIQUE: Hey, Hank, I feel like I'm one with everything!
JOE JACK: I just felt my chakra open, honey.
HANK: Now we're gonna do one I call "Fertilizing the Lawn."
HANK: Look, son, there's Big Tex. He's like the Grand Canyon and the Statue of Liberty rolled into one.
BOBBY: He seems tough, but kind.
HANK: Yep. He always tells us what to do, and see, and eat. I've gotten better advice from him than from my own father.

LUANNE: If the election were held today, I would vote for... nobody. I know that elections don't happen today. They happen on Tuesdays in months ending in "vember."

DALE: Yep.
BILL: Yep.
HANK: Propane is excluded from the Texas State Fair.
BOOMHAUER: M-hm.

DALE: Rules are rules, Hank. Without rules there would be chaos. That's why we no longer visit the public pool.
HANK: But this is blatantly unfair.
BILL: Yeah, poor, poor Hank, with his wife, and his son, and his hair. Nobody will let him grill with propane!

MELLY-ANNE: I'm afraid we're only showing this house to potential buyers. No Looky-Lous.

PEGGY: We have got to come back. If we do not get to see that laundry room, then the victim will have died in vain.

LUANNE: I hate smoke. It makes me feel like I just kissed a guy who smokes. Not that you'd know what it's like to kiss a guy. Well, some guys do, just not you.

HANK: You mean some kind of crazy protest grill? That's not the kind of thing I normally go in for.
LUANNE: But they're pushing around propane, and propane doesn't have arms to push back with.

LUANNE: I want to celebrate. Toss another bucket of propane on the fire!
HANK: Luanne, maybe I should get you some brochures.

BOOMHAUER: I love ol' Hank, man, but got-dang, talkin' 'bout "Propane, propane, propane." Y'know, I don't talk about what I do for a living, man.
BILL: Poor Bobby, being replaced by Luanne. My dad replaced me with TV and the bottle.

LUANNE: Wow, it looks like you hate everything. Do you think you could hate charcoal too?
JASON: I think you could persuade me.

DYLAN: Charcoal is murder!
LUANNE: Oh, that's so good.
ZACK: Dude, things that are murder is my thing. Smoke is murder!
JASON: No blood for charcoal!
LUANNE: Uncle Hank will be so excited.
JASON: Luanne, this "Uncle Hank," he's a real uncle, not an older dude who's like your boyfriend, right?
AMALIA: You know what? I am the babe around here. I am not going to become the mom.

BOOMHAUER: Yep.
BILL: Yep.
DALE: Yep.
BOBBY: Okay.

DALE: So, Bobby, are you upset about Luanne usurping your first-born male right of primogrillature?
BOBBY: Are you kidding? I'm just hoping she can throw a football too, because then I'm home free.

DALE: You're as good at telling me what to do as your dad is!

LUANNE: If you don't use propane, I'm going to stomp on you! Uh... how do you lift the legs?

LUANNE: Listen, Texas! Our forests are dying to make the charcoal to burn the flesh of the cows you've murdered!

HANK: Even though I still think what you're doing is asinine, if you come down, we can talk about it. Like adults.

LUANNE: Well, Officer, I'm an adult now and I'm ready to do what grown-up people do: go to jail.

HANK: Tell me, is Big Tex as amazing on the inside as he is on the outside?
LUANNE: Yeah. You think you're going to be really nervous, 'cause he's Big Tex and all, but he was really down-to-earth. Really. Like being inside a regular giant guy.
HANK: A man of the people. I knew it.

BIG TEX: Howdy, folks! Today, State Grill-Off! Clog dancing unlimited! The world's smallest hippo! Howdy! Thursday night, livestock show! Free diabetes screenings! Howdy! Sunday night, salute to the pecan!
RUTH: Look, Connie's a really smart Asian girl, but I've got a boatload of them... pardon the expression. She's not black, she's not hispanic, or even white. I mean, good Lord, give me a white kid from a public school with Connie's specs, and that kid could waltz in here.
KAHN: You telling me Connie didn't get in because she's an overachieving Asian? That's discrimination!
RUTH: In a way, it's flattering, isn't it? Look, maybe there's something you left off Connie's application, some kind of hook. Has she ever had to play that violin of hers on the street to buy her strung-out mother just one more hit?
KAHN: No.
RUTH: Well, that would have helped.

KAHN: Ted! I look for you at the Buddhist temple.
TED: Oh, hi, Kahn. We're Episcopal now. It's just good business.

MINH: We the kind of losers politicians pander to in speeches.

BILL: It's so exciting living in an up-and-coming neighborhood. I wonder where they'll put the Starbucks?
DALE: So now that our street has been declared hot, what street should we look down on? Baggley? No, Apple Blossom. Apple Blossom is crap!
HANK: Yep.

KAHN: Yes, sir... I filed my TPS reports yesterday.

ELVIN: Dang, man, I been in jails that gave me more freedom than you got.
KAHN: Yeah, but what are you gonna do?
ELVIN: Whatever I damn want, whenever I damn want, with whoever I damn want.
KAHN: Boy, you say "damn" a lot.
ELVIN: Hell, yeah.

ELVIN: Take a good look at yourself, friend. Are you rockin' in the free world? Are you?

MINH: You want to be a redneck? That's not even possible!

KAHN: Minh, don't you see? There's a paradise out there! A place where nobody works, nobody cares, nobody have plans or dreams that can be crushed.
MINH: I don't know, Kahn. Sounds crazy.
KAHN: Come on, Minh, let's just give up!
MINH: Hm. I'd never have to read another Toni Morrison book for Book Club, or write another check to NPR! Oh, but what about Connie?
KAHN: Don't you see? This is for Connie. So she don't spend half her life losing at their rigged game. What do you say, Minh? Will you be my redneck bride?
MINH: Yes, Kahn, I will. Now take me in the back of that El Camino!

LUANNE: He's got the coolest car-truck, and he's got a laundry machine in his backyard for stray dogs to have puppies in.

CONNIE: And then they made me quit practicing my concerto to play "The Devil Went Down to Georgia."
BOBBY: Sounds to me like you're living the life. Fried food, no studying, the TV's always on...

DOOLEY: Your dad is white trash.

PEGGY: This has got to stop, Hank. Abby Holliday says that Kahn is turning Rainey Street into another Belcher's Grove!
HANK: I didn't get novelty mailboxes out of this neighborhood just to see this happen.

KAHN: Why they call you Lucky?
LUCKY: True story: I was at Costco one day when the nature called. Yelled is more like it. So I hightail it into the john, and there's some sensitive guy there changin' his little boy's diaper on one of them baby ironing boards. And don't you know, I slipped on pee-pee and broke two vertebrae which had to be fused together. I'm in constant pain, but I got me a $53,000 settlement.
ELVIN: This sumbitch is never gonna have to work another day in his life.
LUCKY: That's why they call me Lucky.

DALE: Hit him, four-eyes!
SOFT-SPOKEN GORILLA MAN: They're talkin' about you.

HANK: Stop feeling sorry for yourself and start thinking about Connie. You want her growing up in the back of an El Camino?
KAHN: What choice do I have? We flee horrible dictatorship, learn a new language, work hard and study hard. And our reward for doing everything right is to be told "Go to hell. You work too hard. You study too hard."

KAHN: Connie like a beautiful lotus growing out of the muck. That's her hook!

CONNIE: I'm sorry my application was tardy. It's been a hectic time. My parents don't work, we nearly lost our home, my dad abandoned us for a while and he nearly got killed with a two-by-four. That's him.
ADMISSIONS DIRECTOR: You've overcome so much. Welcome aboard.
BOBBY: Think about it: why do guys like us keep striking out with the ladies?
JOSEPH: Because I'm weird, and you're chubby and kind of dumb?
BOBBY: Don't be ridiculous.

BOBBY: What we need is a class full of girls who don't know us very well.
JOSEPH: Yeah! We could pretend we're from the future, and we need to experiment on 'em!... Wait, this is why girls don't like me, right?

HANK: No good ever came from kids talking to other kids about their problems.

HANK: You've got to think long-term, Bobby. Auto shop is where boys become the men that girls will want when they become women. It worked for me.
PEGGY: The proof is in the pudding. And I am that pudding.

HANK: I'll buy him an old junker car and we can restore her together. We'll stay up late fixing her up, just me and my boy. Then one day, when we're all finished, Bobby will get in that car and he'll drive away. And then I can die a happy man. Yep.
BILL: Yep.
BOOMHAUER: M-hm.
DALE: That's actually kind of sad, Hank.

JOSEPH: Are you sure this is a good idea?
BOBBY: No, but my dad says this is one of those things that'll make sense later. I'm getting tired of those things.

JOSEPH: I read a story on the internet that started just like this. It ended nicely.

BOBBY: I am shocked by your behavior! Can't you see we are here to heal?

HANK: It's false advertising. It's advertised as a junker, but it's in moderate-to-good condition.
DALE: The problem is, all our used cars now decorate Hard Rock Cafes.

JENNY MEDINA: Aren't you supposed to say something or something?
BOBBY: I think you're supposed to say something or something.
JENNY MEDINA: Okay, so I got invited to Debbie Reed's slumber party, right? I mean, like, so what? I fall asleep first, and then I woke up with my hand in a bowl of hot water. Do you think I should tell people that her father's an alcoholic?
BOBBY: Oh, I'm sorry, I can only listen and not tell you what to do.
JENNY MEDINA: I think I'm going to tell people her father's an alcoholic.

STACEY: Aren't you the kid they had to cut out of the soccer net?
BOBBY: Uh...
STACEY: So I have to debate capital punishment next period, but I totally don't care. Should I ditch?
BOBBY: I can't tell you what to do. Only you can tell you what to do.
STACEY: If I knew what to do, I wouldn't be here! Now tell me what to do!
BOBBY: Uh, ditch.
STACEY: If you say so.

BOBBY: Dooley, I don't think you want to beat up Randy. I think you just want someone to notice your new shoes.
RANDY: They are pretty nice.
DOOLEY: They're new.

JENNY MEDINA: You mean like a date?
BOBBY: Well, sometimes putting a label on things is helpful, so if you're more comfortable with terms like "dating" and "boyfriend" and "making out"... well, you're the patient.

BOBBY: The brain is a fascinating organ. It's the biggest organ you have.
STACEY: Actually, I think it's your skin.
BOBBY: Well, maybe that's your problem... you don't give your brain the respect it deserves.
STACEY: Wow. That's deep.
BOBBY: It really is.

HANK: I didn't know if you were a Ford man or a Chevy man. It was the happiest problem I've ever faced.

BOBBY: You know, Dad, I think your obsession with auto shop stems from your unresolved feelings about your father. And maybe we should explore some of those feelings.
HANK: Bobby, you know how I explore my feelings? I fix my truck or your mother's car. When Mr. Dauterive's wife left him, we tuned up his Escort. And when that little fella from the Fantasy Island died, we put the ant on top of Dale's van.

STACEY: I know you were expecting to hear my report on the desert peckery, but I've decided to do my report on another pig: Tony Hesperia, also known as bastardus boyfriendus. That's right, Tony! This relationship is extinct! But I'll be all right, because I've made a new discovery: Bobby Hill, an awesomus guyus. His characteristics are caring and compassion. He's so sweet and loving and he's always there when I need him.
DOOLEY: You're there for people.

BOBBY: Stacey, here's the thing. As a counselor, my ethics mean everything to me. And since I'm already dating one of my clients...
STACEY: You're breaking up with me? But I broke up with Tony to date you! How could you do this to me?
BOBBY: I hear and respect your anger.

JENNY MEDINA: Bobby, people are saying that you drove Stacey Gibson crazy. And I'm not looking for that right now.

BOBBY: What was it about me that you found so irresistible?
STACEY: I guess it was the power.
BOBBY: The power? That's it?
STACEY: I don't know what else it could have been.
BILL: Hot enough for you?
HANK: Shut up, Bill, you've said that three times.

COTTON: All that money I inherited from Topsy's estate got me to thinking... Topsy's dead. I outlived my last friend. Dang, it makes a man feel invincible!
DALE: Congratulations on once again outrunning the reaper, sir!

BILL: So then Cotton says "I bet Fatty here can eat fifty potatoes." And the bartender says "no way," which of course was a terrible insult to the Colonel's honor. Long story short, I was pronounced legally dead!

COTTON: Only thing that makes sense is to head for the place where a man with American dollars can live like a king, suckling on God's great teat: Mexico.
BILL: Margereetees and senoreetees!
COTTON: Amen, Fatty!

HANK: I've got to make sure Bill doesn't do anything stupid. His wages are still being garnished by Columbia House... a timeshare is the last thing he needs.
PEGGY: You be careful too, Hank. You're going down there with a liver, two kidneys and no timeshare. I expect you to come back the same way.
HANK: If an at-risk kid can't get me to order Sports Illustrated, no one's going to sell me a timeshare.

COTTON: Hey, Fatty, I got a game that'll pass the time. Who do you think is uglier: Hank's mother or Hank's wife?

DALE: Hi, Peggy. You're sweating like a pig.

RICH: Welcome, welcome. Or as we say in El Grande Vista... ben-ven-i-do.

RICH: O'Kelly has incredible gifts. We're lucky he's used them to build the world's finest timeshares.
BILL: It's strange, I fear him but I am not afraid.

WENDY: Bill, an attractive man like yourself...
BILL: I'll buy!

COTTON: O'Kelly sounds like he's got the smarts of Topsy, the gumption of Brooklyn and the moxie of Fat Brooklyn. He's like all my old dead friends rolled into one big live friend!

COTTON: Do you know what's out there? O'Kelly's private yacht. Manned 24 hours by the creme de la creme of the Mexican navy. Got a private chef used to work for Cantinflas.

HANK: It says in their own brochure, Americans cannot own land in Mexico.
COTTON: If I don't own anything, why am I paying all these maintenance fees and property taxes?
BILL: Good point.

RICH: Colonel, you're a world traveller, so I'm sure you appreciate the international details O'Kelly insisted upon. Italianate marble. Mexican cacti. As we're proud of saying: it's the casa with class-a.

BILL: Americans cannot own land in Mexico! Americans cannot own land in Mexico!

HANK: He lives in an apartment and only gets a $300 a month pension. He can't even afford real Cheerios. He eats something called Oat Loops. It's made right around here.
RICH: What?! But then how can we raise his monthly ownership dues? And if he's not a homeowner, then what are we going to foreclose on?

COTTON: O'Kelly's yacht sails tomorrow and I'm gonna be on it, roastin' weenies with Vincente Fox and Joe Montana!

CONSULATE GUY: So you want me to get your father into El Presidente for free?
HANK: Yeah, that would be great.
CONSULATE GUY: I've got it. We could slap an embargo on all of Mexico until Rich lets him in. You know, starve 'em out.
CONSULATE GUY: I'm kidding, Mr. Hill.

BILL: I'm off to urinate on the statue of O'Kelly!

RICH: Maybe there is a way. If Cotton recommended someone who bought, say, a week at Silver level...
HANK: Oh, God. Oh, no.
RICH: Hank, how much do you spend on a typical vacation?
HANK: Why would anyone do drugs when they could just mow a lawn?

PEGGY: Just look at these drapes and tell me they're not real velvet. Beautiful and fire retardant. Interesting story... I bought these the day John Lennon was shot.

BOOMHAUER: Dang ol' lotta flowers, man. Talkin' 'bout Algernon, man, dang ol' Cliff Robertson, tell you what... dang ol' five cents a minute.
HANK: Yeah, Peggy's sprucing up the front yard a bit.
DALE: Gee, Hank, if your wife wants to screw something up, why can't she just stick to Bobby?

MINH: Listen to your husband, Peggy Hill. If there's one thing that brillo-haired hillbilly know how to do, it's farm.

KAHN: Oh my God, Hank, she just touched your arm. Quick, amputate!

PEGGY: Excuse me, do you know of a plant that can withstand over-watering, inadequate fertilization, and perhaps some over-zealous pruning?
TEENAGE CLERK: Yeah, they're called weeds.
PEGGY: Great, give me a tray of... You know, hotshot, you may think you have the world by the tail right now, making five dollars an hour, with that ridiculous red vest...
LUANNE: Just give us a flat of impatiens.
PEGGY: I'm not done with you, Pimples!

BOBBY: We have a garden gnome!
HANK: Oh, boy.
BOBBY: I shall call him "Vandor."
PEGGY: You will call him Winklebottom, like everyone else.

BILL: Hank likes the gno-ome. Hank likes the gno-ome.
HANK: I do not like the gnome, Bill.
BILL: Hanky and gnomey, sitting in a tree...
HANK: That's it! I'm kicking your ass!

SALLY: Let me offer up a little tip. Your Winklebottom is facing southeast. Technically he should face north.
PEGGY: Wonderful! Why?
SALLY: Well, that's where they're more apt to find tree moss, which is how they make their delicious gnome tea.
PEGGY: That is so charming.
HANK: No it's not.

PEGGY: Garden Gnome Fact # 28: At night, Garden Gnomes are quite lively. But they turn to stone the second daylight hits them.
BOBBY: I love it! Hey, maybe tonight we should leave out a snack plate for old Winklebottom. Perhaps a fruit pie?
PEGGY: No, Bobby. Winklebottom would like mushrooms and dandelions and a thimbleful of peppermint schnapps.

HANK: I need a gnome. Not just any gnome, a Winklebottom.
SALES MANAGER: A Winklebottom? Why not just ask me to move a rainbow?
HANK: I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or just weird.

SALES MANAGER: That's an antique Figgleforth. True, he looks very similar to Winklebottom, but let me warn you: completely different personality.

BLANCHE: I bet this joker doesn't even know where gnomes come from, or how they say good night to each other, or what it means when they shave their mustache and not their beard?
HANK: All right, you got me: I'm not a dork, I sell propane.

SALES MANAGER: Come back and see us again.
HANK: I don't think so.
SALES MANAGER: I was talking to Figgleforth.
PEGGY: Do you think you could knock it off with all the personal questions, Hank? All you ever do is grill me about my emotional life, pushing and prodding me to talk about my feelings. It's like living with Barbara freakin' Walters!

HANK: I know it's unpleasant, but have you considered that she might be dying?
PEGGY: No chance. Dying is not her style. That would be a sign of weakness.

PEGGY: So, Mom, at the risk of boasting, I've become quite the little success. I was the Substitute Teacher of the Year three years in a row.
MADDY: Really? What was your subject? How to avoid a life of working with your hands?
PEGGY: No, it was Spanish.

PEGGY: Hank, never let me become my mother. Bobby, from now on, I will coddle you.
BOBBY: All right!

PEGGY: You ruined my childhood!
MADDY: Oh, it's always about you, isn't it?

PEGGY: You're losing the ranch? I don't know what to say.
MADDY: How about "sorry?" It's all your fault. You and people like Henry Winkler.

BLAKE: All you Hollywood folks are moving here. You burn out on city life, come out here to see all this wide open space, and start making fancy pizzas.
HANK: Look, fellas, you have every right to be upset, but for the record, I'm not from Hollywood, I'm from Arlen, Texas.
BLAKE: Arlen, New York, Hollywood...
HANK: Why don't you just rent the pass from Henry Winkler?
BLAKE: We're broke. You Hollywood folks made property taxes skyrocket. You got any more questions, Stevie Spielberg?
HANK: Dammit, I'm not Steven Spielberg!
BLAKE: I respectfully disagree.

HANK: You can't even buy groceries in town anymore. It's all been taken over by gourmet restaurants and day spas.

HENRY WINKLER: I'm Henry.
HANK: Hank Hill. I was just up the road and thought I'd stop by for a friendly visit.
HENRY WINKLER: Hank, I love that! That is so The West. I wish the whole world would stop by for a friendly visit.
HANK: Oh, God.

HENRY WINKLER: Don't you love how peaceful it is here? Back in L.A. my brain gets muddy. The agents, and the lawyers, and the paparazzi, they walk around inside my skull and they get dirt in there. You know what I mean?
HANK: Well, I'm not sure I...
HENRY WINKLER: That's why I fish.
HANK: Hey, I fish too.
HENRY WINKLER: Then you understand. I always say that fishing is like a washing machine for your brain. It's so deliciously Zen.
HANK: Uh... I think I might do a different type of fishing.

HENRY WINKLER: Hank, sure, I could open the cattle trail, and tomorrow there would be steak. But someday, our children will ask us: "Where are the trees?"
HANK: What they'll ask is, "Where's the got-dang steak?"

HANK: Dangit, I am sick and tired of everyone's asinine ideas about me. I'm not a redneck, and I'm not some Hollywood jerk. I'm something else entirely. I'm... I'm complicated.

PEGGY: We are not leaving. Maybe I didn't marry Sven Gramersdorf, but I can still save this ranch.
HANK: Sven Gramersdorf?

PEGGY: What about our neighbors to the East? Don't they have an old cattle trail?
BLAKE: You mean the Fondas?
HANK: What about that old white-haired fella up to the North? Looks like he spent some years working outdoors. Has he got a trail?
RUSTY: Larry David? Good luck.

COP: Ma'am, what are you doing with a herd of cattle on a public thoroughfare?
PEGGY: We're heading to the mountains. We're taking the long route because our cattle trail has been blocked by Henry Winkler.

RUSTY: Hank, you crazy cowboy, what are you doing?
HANK: Well, right about now I'm trying not to die.

PEGGY: Well, what do you think, Mom? Peggy Hill: Educator. Mother. Rancher.

HANK: Hello. Mr. Winkler here would like you to know that it was always his intention to let the Platters' cattle use his trail. Because cattle, like jazz music, feeds the soul of America. And that if all the leaders of the world would just fish together, the planet would live in harmony.
HENRY WINKLER: Thank you, Hank.

BOOSTER: You seen the horns on the end-zone Longhorn lately? They ain't as pointy as they used to be. Thing looks like a got-dang cow!
DALE: It does have a cow-like quality.
TED: A thought. Just suppose we fire this fellow Smitty, what would happen to his pension money? Could it be diverted into, say, a new Nautilus machine? And if not, why not?

ANNOUNCER: Up next: "History's Mysteries, with Nazi Hidden Gold," followed by "Building the Nazi War Machine" and "Nazis of the Desert, Nazis of the Sea."
LUANNE: Wow, the Nazis did a lot.

PEGGY: Walk away from the redneck. Walk away from the redneck. Oh, no.

HANK: Friday night, the big test: season opener against Rushford.
BOBBY: Crush Rushford!
HANK: That's the spirit, Bobby.
BOBBY: I can't take sole credit. They taught it to us all week at school.

PEGGY: Luanne, you have a weakness for a certain type of man. You are drawn magnetically back to the trailer, back to the sticky ooze you escaped from.

DALE: So he likes to sleep, does he? I can give him sleep in so many ways.

HANK: We're all pretty experienced when it comes to maintaining our own lawns. We just have to treat this field like it's a really big lawn.
DALE: All right! We'll need really big lawnmowers and really big beers.

BILL: I feel like I'm cheating on my lawn.

BILL: If this field could talk, I bet it would say "Thanks for watering me, Bill. I was very thirsty. So, handsome, got any plans Friday night?"

LUANNE: Y'all shut up! This truck is beautiful. I call it "Pretty-pretty truck-truck."

LUCKY: I can't race and I don't have to work. What am I gonna do with myself?
LUANNE: We could go buy some more chrome.
LUCKY: Thanks, baby, but chrome is the reason I'm stittin' here and not racin'. Sometimes the world is cruel to shiny things.

DALE: Hurray for Smitty, or should I say "The Wizard of Sod!"

HANK: Yep.
DALE: Yep.
BILL: Yep.
BOOMHAUER: M-hm.
LUCKY: Who's gonna dare me to kill that bird?

BOOSTER: Smitty, I've never seen a kicker shank so many field goals! How do you do it?
SMITTY: So I think to myself, "grass'll do the trick," so that's what I did.
PRINCIPAL MOSS: Wizard, words don't describe.

LUANNE: Lucky, I took off work early today. Aren't you gonna honk me a kiss?

LUANNE: Aunt Peggy, Lucky says if we were both in lockup, I could probably take you. But I don't want to do that, because we're family.

SMITTY: For Denton, I'm thinking water and sticky tape. They ain't gonna see that comin'. The Wizard has spoken!

DALE: Hank, this is hard. And Bill's not carrying my share of the load.

HANK: Too much nitrate will fry the roots. The whole field will die.
DALE: And with it, the championship! My self-esteem is tied to this season! You must be stopped!

NANCY: Looks like fine weather Friday night for Arlen's big victory, and then it's off to State. Here's hoping. Death to Denton, sugs!
CONNIE: Death to Denton!... I'll get her.
JOHN REDCORN: My people do not wish death to the people of Denton, but a crushing defeat would be just swell.

HANK: Bobby, looks like I'm free this Friday if you want to see that Hilary Duff movie.
BOBBY: The Princess and the Poor Girl? All right!

HANK: Lucky just earned himself a booster jacket. Even if he does cut the arms off.
PEGGY: Oh, great. Now he's a freakin' hero.

SMITTY: Now I can finally go to that place... what's it called? The flat one. Oh, I can't wait.
HEAD COACH: There goes the greatest groundskeeper this team will ever see.
HANK: Yep.
BILL: Yep.
BOOMHAUER: M-hm.
DALE: Aw, let's get him back!
DALE: I'll tell you why your license is taking so long: the U.S. Postal Service is bogged down in the most elaborate sci-ops campaign in history. First they fatten us up with all those 2-for-1 pizza coupons, then when we're too logy to put up a fight, they sell us off to the Red Cross, who removes our kidneys, which go back on the pizzas to start the process all over again.

JOSEPH: I had the scariest dream!
DALE: Oh. How about I read you a story? Just like I used to before you grew a mustache and became so frightening.

DALE: But that makes sense. It can't make sense. It's the Warren Commission Report, for God's sake!

BOOMHAUER: How could you not dang ol' know, man? Everybody knows it's dang ol' West.
DALE: I didn't have a compass when I was reading the freaking book, Boomhauer! Which direction are you facing now? Huh? Not so easy, is it, Magellan?

DPS EMPLOYEE: Now if you'll just step aside, Ma'am...
HANK: Ma'am?!
DPS EMPLOYEE: I can't get sued if I call you what's on the license.

DALE: It just makes absolute, total, complete, perfect sense!!

HANK: The DPS said they couldn't do it because of national security. What does the contents of my underpants have to do with national security?

DALE:
You're a grand old flag,
You're a something something flag,
And forever in peace may you wave,
You're the emblem blah
The land blah blah...

DALE: Give me liberty or give me death! But only the kind of liberty you find in a controlled, well-regulated society.

BOBBY: Dad, I was just thinking: if you really were a woman, then that would make you and Mom lesbians.
HANK: That's it! The cable's gone!
PEGGY: He's right, Hank. We wouldn't even be married, we'd be domestic partners. We overcame years of scrutiny in a small but meaningful ceremony.

HANK: This DPS is really amazing. I didn't know it was possible to feel ignored and violated at the same time.

BILL: You really think Hank's a woman? Not just your ideal of what a perfect woman would be?

DALE: You tell me what's crazier: that the government's free cheese contains surveillance devices to monitor America's underclass, as I once believed, or that you're a woman, as I now believe? If my government says you're a woman, I say, "enchante, madame." Whoa. I think you've had enough to drink, sweetheart.

HANK: I got this form from the DPS. I just need you to say that I'm a man.
DOCTOR: I'm not signing a paper that "just says" anything. Those days went out with house calls.
HANK: But I'm clearly a man.
DOCTOR: Look, I am willing to do a blood test and a genetic screening. That is proof positive, and not actionable.
HANK: Can't you just do a visual exam?
DOCTOR: Gender is not as cut-and-dried as it used to be, Mr. Hill. Even if you have male organs, there's transsexual hormone therapy, plastic surgery...
HANK: Can't you tell the difference between the ones made by God and the ones jerry-rigged out of a toe and some old skin?
DOCTOR: Legally, no.

PEGGY: These back issues of Rosie are just fabulous.

PEGGY: My hairstylist was telling me that I am a lipstick lesbian. Apparently, that's the best kind.

DALE: Whoa. A black Suburban. The new models are much smaller and greener than last year's.

FBI AGENT: It's illegal for us to "profile" anyone, but I know what I'm looking for... not that I'm looking for anyone... and you're not it.
HANK: Yeah, but who made you think I was?
FBI AGENT: I can't say. Could be nobody, could be somebody. Like I said, I can't say. Probably not him.

DALE: Everyone will see Hank Hill for what he truly is: an America-hating he/she!

DALE: Listen! I've never been able to say this in my whole life, but as of 2 p.m. yesterday, I am a taxpayer. And I demand $36 worth of service. I know the chain of command, starting with your supervisor, Franklin Thomas, all the way up to the under-intendent of Transportation, Edward Dibble, whose daughters, Pat and Ellie, played ladybug soccer with the daughters of the President of the United States. And I'm not afraid to make some phone calls. I'm your worst nightmare. I have a three-line phone, and absolutely nothing at all to do with my time!
BOBBY: So any time you break something, insurance gets you a new one? Hey, if you back the car into my bike, we could get a new car and a new bike.

HANK: I'm just so frustrated with Bobby. He thinks insurance is some magic fairy who just waves her wand and makes teenage jackassery disappear.
PEGGY: "Her" wand? I always think of insurance as a boy.

HANK: I want you to know our policy inside and out before you call Mitch Watson down at the insurance agency. Don't waste his time... he'll hang up on you.

DALE: Come and get your freshly secreted honey! Don't be put off by Irwin Allen's The Swarm or the tedious Peter Fonda film Ulee's Gold!
YUPPIE WOMAN # 1: Look, Alison! Bees! I heard Jenna Elfman on Access Hollywood talking about how you can cure anything with the venom from bee stings.
ALISON: Bee stings?
DALE: Yeah, "Bee stings?"
YUPPIE WOMAN # 1: My nutritionist says it stimulates your body's natural healing response. A friend of mine used it during childbirth instead of an epidural.
ALISON: How many stings do I get for $150?
DALE: Uh... ahem... well, the going rate is... uh... twelve?
YUPPIE WOMAN # 1: That's a really good deal.
DALE: M-hm, it really is.

BILL: This banana is delicious. The monkeys must never find out.

HANK: If Mitch asks, tell him this call is being monitored for quality assurance.

HANK: Just give me your new address. And remember, we're all being monitored here.

HANK: Bobby, grab my checkbook. I'm gonna kick this guy's ass over the phone.

HANK: Bwahhh!
SUPERVISOR: I'm sorry, could you repeat that?

BOBBY: We could go to Six Flags and get a two-day pass. I think they call it a "twicket."

DALE: It's true, bee venom is the penecillin of the 21st century! It cures everything from toothaches to ADD! Isn't that right, young Joseph?
JOSEPH: My head hurt. But now it doesn't.
DALE: Step right up and tell me what ails you!
MAN # 1: My neck's kind of stiff.
DALE: Eight bee stings. You?
WOMAN: I feel fine.
DALE: Six bee stings. You?
MAN # 2: Planters wart.
DALE: Ugh! Thirteen bee stings.

HANK: Why don't you go check the strapping on the water heater? Texas hasn't had a major earthquake in 165 years. We're due.

PEGGY: I only have twenties. Do you have anything smaller?
LUANNE: I only have nothing.

BILL: If everybody fried their food, there would be no war.

DALE: Your venom did nothing. You betrayed me. Well, you may have destroyed my arm, but my legs are still feeble yet functional!

HANK: Dale's in trouble. We need to go out there.
BOBBY: Out there?! With the bees? And the hail? And the A-bombs?
HANK: Bobby, I think you're getting a little carried away. And I guess I pushed you there.

HANK: Bobby, this is not a big deal. It's just a little fire. And more bees than I remembered.

BOBBY: Mr. Dauterive's on fire!
HANK: That'll happen.

DALE: Joseph, I'm having some sort of reaction. But I'm only allergic to shellfish and... bees. Joseph, I... oh. You were never here, were you? This could be bad.

HANK: Hey, how'd you like to help adjust the deductible on our umbrella policy?
BOBBY: Would I!
HANK: Now, I'm not gonna mention any names, but due to last year's unfortunate kissing incident, mistletoe is banned from this year's Christmas party.
BILL: Peppermint schnapps makes me sloppy.
DALE: Enough with your party, Hank. Help me figure out what to get Nancy for Christmas. I'll never top that oil painting I commissioned last Christmas: "Nude Dale In Repose." Tasteful, yet you can see everything.

PEGGY: I still cannot believe you invited that old woman over for dinner, Hank. That's like putting a saucer of milk out for a stray cat. One lap, you'll never get rid of her.
HANK: All she wants is a walk down Memory Lane. Besides, most seniors are lactose-intolerant.

LUANNE: You have such wonderful memories. Now I can't wait to get all old and wrinkly and grow a little hump on my back.

DALE: Don't you naysay me, Boomhauer. Once I find the right hook, this is gonna be the gift that keeps on giving. Say nay now, naysayer.

BOBBY: This is my room. It's chock full of memories for me. Like the time I dressed our dog Ladybird in my underwear and pretended that we were Calvin Klein models. This is also where I read my Bible every night before bed.

MS. WAKEFIELD: The happiest years of my life were spent here. That's why there's place in the world where I would rather end my days.
HANK: End your days?
MS. WAKEFIELD: Yes. I want to die here. I promise not to be a nuisance.

BILL: I'll probably die in my house, wedged behind the bathroom door, inaccessible to the paramedics. Well, what can you do?

DALE: "Why die here?" you ask. Well, you'd be getting in on the ground floor of a wonderful investment opportunity, and all you really have to do is make two appearances a day from the afterlife, via this old antique mirror. It's not hard work, but I do expect quality. Any questions?
MS. WAKEFIELD: Can I go now?
DALE: Why, so you can die over at Hank's house? I can get you a dead little lapdog to keep you company.

HANK: It's reasonable not to want someone to die in your house, right?
PEGGY: M-hm. We cannot open that door. I mean, if Bill gets wind...

JOHN REDCORN: Hank, I understand that an elder wishes to use your home as an entrance to the spirit world. My people teach that a person must be happy at death, or they are destined to walk throughout eternity on their hands, so their frown appears to be a smile. Food for thought.

BILL: That poor old woman. She committed the crime of loving Hank's house too much. Are we not all guilty?

LUANNE: Ms. Wakefield? If you're under here, please don't grab me by the throat and drag me into the gates of hell.

PEGGY: Merry Christmas, John Redcorn. I made you some special reindeer-shaped cookies with toothpicks sticking in them like little arrows.
JOHN REDCORN: Quite honestly, Peggy, I was going to boycott your party to protest Hank's harsh treatment towards our elders. But I found out that Bill is my secret Santa. And he always gives cool gifts.

MS. WAKEFIELD: Maybe I could die some other time. When you're not entertaining.

HANK: Okay, here's one for Bill. Could this be that ear-and-nose trimmer he's been needing?
BILL: I hope it's hungry.
HANK: Boy, Bill, that is a magnificent animal.
BILL: Yeah, I got him through a new military program where you take care of a G.I.'s pet while he's on his tour of duty.
HANK: Well, all right! That's a great way to serve our country: supporting our enlisted men, one dog at a time.

BILL: Anyone can join. All you have to do is take a pledge to perform all functions necessary and possible for the animal's well-being.
HANK: A pledge!?

HANK: I thought I made it very clear that we didn't want Duke until after we got back from our vacation.
SGT. WILLIAMSON: Patriotism doesn't take a vacation, sir.

BOBBY: Why do we need toilet seat covers?
PEGGY: One word: Tennessee.

BILL: I just got a gift basket from my G.I. He's a Blue Angel! He's the one who made France mad by flying under the Eiffel Tower.

DALE: Uh, Hank, looks like that cat ate your dog.

DALE: Hank, looks like the cat is out of the bag! Oh, this has been a cat-astrophe! Uh... cat. Uh... you got a cat! 

HANK: Oh, my God, that cat has soiled in my shoes! Where is he?
BOBBY: He's in my room! If I stop petting him, he'll bite me!... It's like having a bomb strapped to my lap!

TOMMY: You're in good hands. I don't have a pet, but I'd bring my son here if they'd let me.

DR. LESLIE: Would it kill you not to go on vacation? Because it might kill Duke.

PEGGY: $150 for a feline enema? I could do it for half that!

HANK: You can keep the pen. It's from some company that makes Viagra for lizards.
MAN WITH SNAKE: Does it work for snakes too?

PEGGY: You know, just being away from Duke feels like a holiday.
LUCKY: If I'd never gotten an advance on my credit card, I never would've gone to the Costco to buy a 78-inch TV, never would've slipped in pee-pee, never would've got my settlement money. Scary to think about the road not travelled, huh?

PEGGY: I will take care of it, Hank. Luanne scares easily. That plays into my strengths.

BOBBY: What are you doing?
LUANNE: I have to get another job 'cause Aunt Peggy says I have to be more responsible.
BOBBY: Mom's into responsibility now too?!
LUANNE: Plumber... nurse's aide... all these jobs are racist against people who don't have skills.
BOBBY: Hey, how about this one? "Night work available for outgoing attractive girls who like to make big dollars and have a good time."
LUANNE: That's me!

DALE: Credit cards are a last resort after cash, check, plasma, urine, and alien urine. Sure, there's bone marrow, but that is more prudently used as a retirement vehicle, or so says Lou Dobbs.

PEGGY: Do you have size 16 skates?
LANE PRATLEY: Lots of 'em.

HANK: Luanne?! Peggy?!
PEGGY: Not Luanne and Peggy. Gold-Dust and The Executionater.

PEGGY: By putting on these skates, I am putting Luanne on solid footing. After playing the Maulers next week, she'll have enough to pay down her credit card debt. After taking on the Destroyers, she will catch up on her car payments. And after beating the tar out of those Poisonettes, she will make a deposit into an interest-bearing account.
HANK: You just want to smash into people, don't you?

BILL: That woman is perfect. She's beautiful and could be a father figure.

LUCKY: See, your blockers stop the other team's jammers. The pivots can block, jam, or counter-jam. Only the pivot or jammer can score.
HANK: But how do they score?
LUCKY: No one really knows.

LUANNE: This is the smallest check for $500 that I have ever gotten.

HANK: Shall we celebrate now and buy a piece of patio furniture, or wait and get the whole grouping at the end of the month?
PEGGY: I say we delay gratification.
HANK: Well, I do like delaying gratification.

PEGGY: It all seemed so easy in my head. Everybody would be everybody else's boss. How could that not have worked?

PEGGY: Hank, I've gotta go fix everything.
HANK: Now, that's what you said before you bought a roller derby team.
PEGGY: That was false bravado. This is real bravado, Hank.

LUCKY: So here's my plan: I climb this fence and get you a chip.
BOBBY: That's your plan? It took you two days to think of that?
LUCKY: I had to cover all the angles.

PEGGY: Okay, we can do this. It's only one hour, three times a week, indefinitely. It's just like riding a bicycle that you hate.
WAITRESS: Buon giorno. What can I get you?
MR. STRICKLAND: Well, what do you recommend to a couple of real big spenders?
WAITRESS: My boyfriend likes the surf n' turf.
MR. STRICKLAND: Medium cheese pizza, two waters... tap.

HANK: I will treat this picnic with all the gravity and seriousness it requires.

JOHN REDCORN:
There's a hole in my pocket where my money should go,
There's a hole in my heart where you used to go,
There's a hole, and a hole, and a hole!
Big ol' hole!

MR. STRICKLAND: You're the lead monkey on the back of this ostrich.

LUCKY: We're either ahead of our times or possibly way behind, stuck in some more classical time. But either way, us and our times aren't seeing eye to eye.

PEGGY: Entertainment is the only thing that distracts people from realizing how much they don't like each other.

HANK: Finding a band for under a hundred dollars is harder than you think.

HANK: You see what kind of pressure I'm under?
JOE JACK: You're like one of them astronauts, honey.
JOHN REDCORN: Hank.
HANK: Uh... hey, John Redcorn.
JOHN REDCORN: Did you find a band for your picnic?
JOE JACK: No, he didn't. And the poor bastard's all twisted up over it!

HANK: The guy asked me if I wanted honey-mustard and I almost took a swing at him. Long story short, I got a good deal on classic yellow.

DALE: You know what loosens the caboose of any party? Big Mountain Fudgecake! Want me to see if they're available?
HANK: No.
DALE: They've got a super boffo Bachman-Turner Overdrive meets Deep Purple versus ELO kind of sound.
HANK: What are you, their manager?
DALE: Yes! Can you believe the slot was open? I guess you were wrong, Hank... dreams do come true.

BOBBY: He does "imagi-tainment."

JOHN REDCORN: Let's open with "I Need Money." We can transition to "Gotta Get Money" and do a whole money medley.

DALE: Listen, Yoko, I'm the manager of this act and I'm sick of you trying to split them apart!
LUANNE: What's a Yoko?

BILL: I made a lot of my life decisions at a Foghat concert. I stand by them.

COP: We're shutting you down, sir. This is an illegal gaming establishment.
JOHN RECORN: Illegal? No. We're on Indian land. Look at me. Look at all the headdresses.
COP: Yes, sir, and we are in Texas, where there is no Indian gaming. Didn't you wonder why there were no other Indian casinos?
JOHN REDCORN: I thought it would work to our advantage.

JOHN REDCORN: How could you not know there was no gaming in Texas?
MANKILLER: Look, the dream business is not extremely detail-oriented.

JOHN REDCORN: I could sue you.
MANKILLER: Possibly. But you'd spend years in the White Man's course, fighting the White Man's lawyers, which we have a lot of.

DALE: Come on, guys. Did we give up when I left the "e" off of all of our merchandise? No, and we wore those "Fudgecak" T-shirts with pride.

LUCKY: You look like I feel whenever I run over one of my dogs.

OCTAVIO: Gribble? Got him.
DALE: Good. Make him disappear.
OCTAVIO: You want me to kill him?
DALE: What!? No! Although... no, just drive him around. But I'm happy you're being proactive. There are no bad ideas.

ELVIN: I don't play family picnics. It'd send the wrong message. I ain't going.
LUCKY: And I double ain't going.
JOHN REDCORN: Are you crazy? This is a paying gig with hundreds of people!
LUCKY: Yeah, well, the Cake don't sell out.

JOHN REDCORN: There was that song I wrote about killing myself. I could re-write it so it's about personal hygeine.

JOHN REDCORN:
Wake up, I want to... wash myself,
Clean my wrists,
Scrub my brains out.

JOHN REDCORN:
There's a hole in the jar where the cookie should go,
There's a hole in the tank where the fishie should go,
There's a hole, and a hole, and a hole.

DALE: Yeah, when I first found Redcorn, he was in some go-nowhere Whitesnake meets White Lion meets Great White ripoff group. But I recreated him as the Native American Raffi.
HANK: Bobby, never run in a parking lot. Those cars look parked, but they could be driven by slow-moving seniors.

DALE: Outrageous. Sure, today it's us smokers, but who tomorrow? Pudgy white guys with strange propane fixations?

DALE: Oh, hey, Hank. Listen, I just had sort of a quick question: how do I get my son to respect me?
HANK: Well, boys need their dads to be strong role models. You just need to, you know, be a man.
DALE: Dammit, Hank, I'm 42 years old. It's kind of late for me to start the whole "be a man" thing. Is there a shortcut, or at least a website?
HANK: No.
DALE: This is going to be tough. I can't even take that like a man.

DALE: I am a powerful, functional adult at the peak of his life, who demands to be heard! My voice is a flame that cannot be extinguished! Give me smoking or give me death!

NANCY: "The Sheriff vows to prosecute him to the fullest extent of the law."
DALE: The fullest extent of the law?
NANCY: That's what the Sheriff vows.
DALE: But our extent is pretty full. We have the death penalty in this state and we're not afraid to use it.

DALE: Did they get a description?
NANCY: Only that "he was as slim and white as the cigarette he smoked."

DALE: I am the Smoking Bandit! See you in the history books, people.

DALE: All I can say is, I wish I had the Smoking Bandit's courage. He's the Rosa Parks of nicotine.
BILL: He's a hero. Just like that guy who rides his bicycle faster than French people. I bet he smokes too.

HANK: You can't pick and choose which laws you want to obey. Sure, I'd like to tape a baseball game without the express written consent of Major League Baseball, but that's just not the way it works.

JOSEPH: Dude, you're missing the message. You're not like the Bandit when you smoke. You're like him when you break the law and run away.
BOBBY: I'm listening.
JOSEPH: He fights back. He disobeys unfair stuff, like homework, and math tests, and girls who tell other girls that I'm a dork.
BOBBY: Math is so unfair. How are kids like us supposed to know all those answers?
JOSEPH: Yeah! No one has the right to teach us stuff we don't want to learn. That's what our Bill of Constitution's all about.

DALE: The Bandit is making my own son defy me even more. It's pretty ironic.
HANK: How is that ironic?
DALE: Oh... well, I'm probably just mis-using the word "ironic," as so many people do.

HANK: Don't they say criminals always return to the scene of the crime?
DALE: Not if they don't want to get caught, Hank.

BOUNCER: Your name's not on the list.
PEGGY: Excuse me, but you do not know my name.
BOUNCER: Okay, what's your name?
PEGGY: Peggy Hill, Arlen Bystander.
BOUNCER: Not on the list.
PEGGY: So it's like that? All right, Mister, I lied: my real name is Annabeth Fitzwater. Go on, check the list.
BOUNCER: You're not on it.
PEGGY: Fine. I'm really Professor Helen Merryatt Booth. And I've got all night.

DALE: The Bandit wants his smoking to be noticed. That bar has a smoke machine. Would the Bandit strike there?
JOSEPH: No, sir. He'd go somewhere more... somewhere else.

HANK: Yeah, maybe we should let the Bandit go. But does the Bandit swear he will never do anything this asinine again, or I will kick his ass?

BOBBY: I can't believe I thought the Bandit was cool. You know who's cool? That rapper with the bullet in his nose. "Bullet-Nose."
JOSEPH: Yeah. One sneeze and the whole joint goes up.
JOSEPH: It's on Fox. They have this one show where they give a girl a bigger boobie, then make her do something gross for the second bigger boobie.
BOBBY: Man, that sounds great, but my dad has a channel block on Fox. We'll have to watch it at your place.
JOSEPH: No, my dad steals cable from your dad, so we don't get it either.

BOBBY: You know what would be a good way to teach me responsibility? You unblock the Fox network and I promise not to watch it.
HANK: Is it football season?
BOBBY: No.
HANK: Then it's blocked.

HANK: Every time I turn around, he's there, hanging around, talking about things. It's like all of a sudden he wants to be my best friend.
PEGGY: Ah. There is a word in Enrique's culture that describes this exact type of behavior: amigos.

DALE: Is this some kind of "bring a coworker to home" day?

HANK: The problem here is with your wife. You should probably be talking to her. Yep, I guess that's the plan. Go talk to your wife.
ENRIQUE: No. I can't talk to her... I am a man. Besides, my wife is not as easy to talk to as you are, Hank.
HANK: What about someone else? Someone who knows you personally, like a priest or a soccer coach?
ENRIQUE: Impossible! I am a Mexican-American, and in my community it would be a disgrace to speak of my marriage problems.
HANK: Mexicans don't talk about their feelings? That's great! So why'd you give that up?

PEGGY: Enrique is asking about you. Now you need to ask about him. Find out what the trouble is in his marriage. Is he there for her emotionally?
HANK: Look, all I know about him is that he likes blue pens and staples horizontally. And that's all I should know.
PEGGY: Maybe he's selfish in bed.
HANK: Aaaah!

HOST: America has made the choice and now you get to see the results! What do you think of your new face?
WOMAN: I love it!
HOST: Now, if you want to keep it, you have to eat your old nose and lips!

ENRIQUE: Now it's time for presents. For adorable Luanne, an adorable stuffed animal.
LUANNE: How did you know?
ENRIQUE: For Bobby, who's grown into a man, beef jerky.
BOBBY: Wow.
ENRIQUE: For Peggy, who stands up for what she believes in, the Rocky boxed set. And for my friend, a can of driveway sealant.

ENRIQUE: Okay, here's the deal with Yolanda and me. I tell her she's pretty all the time, but she never tells me I'm handsome. Do you think I'm handsome, Hank?

DALE: Hank, I spit in the concrete, so when I mysteriously "disappear," you'll be able to create the perfect neighbor: half-man, half-driveway.

BOBBY: This is it? It's just a bunch of cars driving in circles.
JOSEPH: It'll get better. Like maybe the Hilton twins will have to run out onto the track.

HANK: I just want you to know that whatever you decide, it's none of my business.

ENRIQUE: Let me in! I'm so lonely! Peggy, you haven't told me how you'd make Rocky III better!

PEGGY: So how'd it go with Enrique and Yolanda? Are they going to therapy? Do you think they're really reconciled, or do you think she'll kick him out again?
HANK: Peggy, I have no idea.
DOOLEY: My potato grew eyes.

PRINCIPAL MOSS: I don't usually try to motivate kids this way, but: if all your friends are doing something, shouldn't you be doing it too?

BOBBY: I'm running a 5K.
HANK: What!? Wait, is "running a 5K" some kind of rap thing?
BOBBY: No, Dad. It's a bunch of kids running to raise money for the school.
HANK: That's great. And when you cross that finish line, I'll be right there with the video camera. Even though it brings out certain instincts in you.

BOBBY: Mr. Boomhauer, how would you like to sponsor me for the Fun Run? You would be sending a positive message to the generation of today. Unless, of course, you want us to start doing drugs.
BOOMHAUER: Got-dang, man, between ol' Girl Scout cookies and the band candy, it never ol' stop, man.
BOBBY: Are you interested, Mr. Dauterive?
BILL: Interested in what, Bobby?
BOBBY: The stuff I just said.
BILL: Tell it to me again. I like when people talk to me.

BOBBY: It's a "Fun Run," Dad. I ran until it stopped being fun. Happened quick.

COACH PALMER: As long as you listen, and are willing to be taught, you'll always have a place in my system.
HANK: You hear that, Bobby? You're going to be part of a system!

JOSEPH: I know how you can get kicked off the team. Take a javelin and throw it into the crowd. I mean, it would do something.

HANK: Yep. Bobby's gonna be wearing sweat pants for the right reasons.

COACH PALMER: It's easy, Hill. Visualize the action, then actualize the vision.

COACH PALMER: You've tasted chocolate, and now you've tasted failure. Which is more bitter?
KID: Um... I like chocolate more than failure, so that means I should eat more chocolate? I don't understand.
COACH PALMER: Understand this. Any time I think anyone is dogging it, it'll be Bobby Hill. Victory is the carrot and Bobby Hill is the stick.

HANK: I wish I could have gone to Bobby's meet today. Why do I always have to be Mr. Strickland's character witness?
PEGGY: Well, I think it's an honor.

PEGGY: Jump long, long jumpers! Get some altitude, pole vaulters! Boy, this sport does not lend itself to good cheers.

BILL: You think Bobby's bad? Imagine if we had a child? I'd love him anyway.

BOBBY: Dad, I know what I want to do with my life. I can be a motivator. All I need to do is find a field where I have no potential. Hm. I'd make a terrible dam-builder.
HANK: Why don't you just try to be good at something?
BOBBY: Don't try to motivate a motivator, Dad.

COACH PALMER: Hill, every paradigm can be inverted. Try to imagine another you. Let's call him "Bobby Hill sub-negative 1."

PEGGY: Bobby! Pretend the baton is the remote!

HANK: Well, Bobby, you lost a huge lead, and it took a bunch of guys falling down, but you did it.
BOBBY: I think I'm gonna throw up.
HANK: Go ahead, son... you've earned it.
HANK: Yep.
DALE: Yep.
BOOMHAUER: M-hm.
BILL: If I never went back to work, I don't think anyone would notice.
DALE: Sure they would, Bill... when there's suddenly enough food to go around! The point I'm trying to make is, you're fat.
BILL: I don't know. With all the reservists, there's a lot of fat guys.
DALE: But guys who are as bald as you are, too?

HANK: Bill, I'm taking you to the one place that can fix whatever you've got going on inside you. You know, the despair and whatnot.

BILL: This shirt is pretty sharp, huh? It cost me a pretty penny, but like Kris says, "You gotta spend money to make magic."

BOOMHAUER: Dang ol'... huh.
HANK: I know we were hoping he'd choose something less godawful, but at least it seems to be keeping him out of the morgue.

KRIS: We all have a lot of competing pressures in our lives. People are gonna tell you there's more important things than the chorus. You laugh, but I've heard it all. "I can't do the chorus, my son has a football game." "I can't do the chorus, I have to go to work." "I can't do the chorus, I have couples therapy." What do we say to that, Joe?
JOE: We need to be strong! So what are we gonna do?
HARMONAHOLICS: Tuuuuuuune them out!

DALE: Hey, Nancy has that same blouse.

DALE: Yep.
HANK: Yep.
BILL: Yep-yep-yep-yep-yep-yep-yep...
BOOMHAUER: M-hm.
BILL: So, what did you guys think of the show?
DALE: Normally I'd tell you to go to my blog, but even that's being censored by Hank.

HANK: So... I noticed a lot of those chorus guys had wives.

BOOMHAUER: Hey, man, talkin' 'bout what about Cowboys vs. Dolphins, man, Monday night?
HANK: Lord forgive me for saying this, but: there will be other games.

HANK: Look, you seem like a nice guy, so I'm telling you this for your own good: judging by the two times I've met you, your life has been a waste so far. Forget these chorus guys and find a nice girl, or at least something productive to do like a stamp collection. Your local postmaster can help you. Here's his number.

KRIS: "Leave early?" Did I just hear what I think I heard?
BILL: Probably. You're never wrong.
KRIS: This is a chor-us, William, not a chor-me. If you leave, Otto's gonna turn and sing "I Want to Know What Love Is" to nobody!! He'll look like a fool!!!

PBS ANNOUNCER: We can only bring you this kind of quality, commercial-free programming through the generosity of viewers like you, and McDonald's, home of the McGriddle. McDonald's. I'm lovin' it.

HANK: All right, Dale. Help him.
DALE: Wait. Is this a trick?
HANK: Nope. Let 'er rip. Just keep it clean.
DALE: Bill!! Bill, you have to be the stupidest man on the planet to think this is a good idea! Have you seen what you're wearing?! That outfit makes you look like a sequined train wreck! Look at you!! You're part of a twelve-headed Jackass! This chorus is the feces that is produced when shame eats too much stupidity! You people make me envy the deaf and the blind! Underwear.. buddy.. fat...
