[behind Lilith]
Then why the delay?
The Day of Unity is fast approaching, and other teams have bound many rogue witches to covens, and yet The Owl Lady still roams free.
Are you...
protecting her?
[from screen]
The Emperor demands your presence in the throne room.
And there's a bird on your head.
Children of Hexside, Emperor Belos welcomes you to his castle.
We're honored by visits from students.
You'll soon be a part of the coven, some lucky few may even find their home here, in the mighty Emperor's Coven!
You...
are the future of the Isles!
My job is to teach you its past.
Today, the Isles are a place of peace and prosperity.
But that wasn't always the case.
[gestures to a mural of witches dancing around a fire]
Up until 50 years ago, witches and demons practiced wild magic during what we called the Savage Ages.
[leads the students away]
Witches had access to corrupt knowledge, and that dishonored the Titan.
That was, until our great Emperor ascended to the throne, and taught witches how to use magic properly.
[gestures to a mural of Belos holding up a beam of light, witches below celebrating his power]
Our next stop is the Emperor's personal collection of relics.
The Relic Room.
These items are reminders of our great Emperor's overwhelming power.
[passes the Oracle Sphere]
From the curious and mighty.
[passes the Green Thumb Gauntlet]
To the very handy.
[passes by the Healing Hat]
And even, the most valuable.
Come along, children.
Here at the Emperor's Coven, we require members with sophistication, elegance, and grace.
Ahh!
Make way for Miss Lilith Clawthorne, students.
Yes, and if I'm not mistaken, she's on here way to see the Emperor himself.
Let's all wish her luck!
This way, children.
[on the mirror]
Lilith, I see you let The Owl Lady get the best of your temper.
Just remember what Emperor Belos has promised to you.
Very good.
All kneel before Emperor Belos!
For the crime of attacking a coven leader and refusing to join a coven, Edalyn Clawthorne's body shall be petrified in stone!
Today, sundown, at the Conformatorium.
Fools!
You let the human escape!
And you drew her a map?
What is happening?
My liege.
Sire, those miscreants are still at large.
Please, allow me to capture them.
