Ugh!
Cut!
Let's go again.
[through megaphone]
And this time, say Mojo instead of Stalwart Stallion, 'kay?
And action!
As a fellow Camp Everfree alum, I was more than happy to afford the girls who helped save it the chance to visit the set of our little film.
If we're ever able to finish it, it will be.
If you'll excuse me.
Ahh!
One more month, Chestnut!
That's all we need!
I'm doing everything I can to keep us on schedule!
But with all the setbacks we've had, I don't think we can do it!
If you could just agree to stay on for one more month...
But?
Ugh!
Quiet on set, please!
And action!
[exasperated]
Cut!
Cut!
Cut!
What is going on around here?
We just filmed on this volcano, and it was fine!
This could set us back weeks!
What's gone?
This can't be happening!
What are we gonna do?
The missing relics were personally approved by A.
Yearling!
We could have new ones made, but we can't use them until Miss Yearling has given them her official stamp of approval!
You think it'd be easy to reach someone who is always holed up in her office writing, but Miss Yearling is a very difficult woman to track down.
Chestnut's contract with us is almost up, and with Mount Vehoovius collapsing, and now this, I fear we'll have to stop production altogether!
[stressed]
I'm so sorry.
Please excuse me.
You found this in a supply closet?
Of course.
Chestnut, I need you to get into hair and makeup.
As soon as we get the relics, we're gonna start shooting again.
Juniper, can you do a smoothie run?
I'm sure all this sleuthing is gonna make everyone thirsty.
She...
She wouldn't.
Why would you do this?
That's hardly a reason to go?
But, Juniper, you're too young!
You don't have any experience.
Not only did you jeopardize the production, endanger the safety of the actors and the film crew, but you also lied to me and took advantage of my trust!
You're my niece, Juniper, so, of course, I can forgive you.
But I'm sorry to say you're no longer welcome on the set, and it'll be a [snaps]
long time before I consider allowing you back here!
Keys!
Does this mean...
Yes!
And I don't think we'll have to worry about them disappearing again.
And it's all thanks to our visitors from Canterlot High.
First you save Camp Everfree, now the Daring Do movie.
Y'all are certainly on a roll.
I think we could figure something out.
Cut!
Again?
You're lucky I offered to get you this job after the stunt you pulled on my set!
