Daring Do?
Oh, she's awesome, all right.
Awesome at destroying ponies' apple carts...
...and priceless, sacred statues!
Ahem!
This was not some crummy old statue!
It was the namesake of our town!
If you want to understand us, you must first understand her.
Somnambula.
Long ago...
[narrating]
...this village fell prey to an evil Sphinx who demanded most of their crops.
Like her fellow villagers, Somnambula didn't have much, but she used what she had to keep others from giving up hope.
The son of the Pharaoh, Prince Hisan, was so moved by her compassion that he decreed nopony would go hungry again.
But when Hisan stood up to the Sphinx, the beast captured him, telling the Pharaoh the only way to get Hisan back was to solve her riddle.
Nopony would volunteer to save the prince.
Nopony except Somnambula.
[narrating]
The Sphinx gave her the riddle.
I shine brightest in the dark.
I am there but cannot be seen.
To have me costs you nothing.
To be without me costs you everything.
As Somnambula thought of the hardship she and her fellow villagers had experienced, she instantly knew the answer.
Hope! she shouted.
[narrating]
The Sphinx was so enraged, it seemed she might still refuse to release the prince, so Somnambula asked her for one more challenge.
But if she accomplished it, the Sphinx would leave from the kingdom forever.
The Sphinx quickly agreed, asking only that Somnambula walk to the prince across a deep chasm...
Blindfolded!
Further, the Sphinx had cast a powerful spell that prevented Somnambula from flying.
[narrating]
But Somnambula never lost hope!
She knew she'd need to make a leap of faith to save the prince.
Guided by the sound of the prince's voice...
she easily made it across.
[narrating]
The Pharaoh asked how Somnambula prevailed, and she explained that she had always hoped she could make things better for her people and that hope had carried her through.
The Prince replaced the pearls Somnambula gave up with a string of glowpaz.
And around her neck, they glowed bright enough to light the entire kingdom.
Forever after, glowpaz became our symbol of hope.
There's not much room in here!
[grumbles]
You know, there's actually plenty of room in here for one pony to nap.
Is the show over?
