I know what's wrong with it: It's a Ford.
You know what they say Ford stands for, don't you?
It stands for Fix It Again, Tony.
I know what's wrong with your truck.
It's your quote unquote pollution controls.
I heard on talk radio you don't even need 'em, they're just an egghead government plot.
Open up your eyes, man.
They're trying to control global warming.
Get it?
Global?
That's code for U.
commissars telling Americans what the temperature's going to be in our outdoors.
I say let the world warm up, let's see what Boutros Boutros Ghali Ghali has to say about that.
We'll grow oranges in Alaska!
Could be far-off helicopters... helicopters.
Hey, baby, how about a couple of beers?
Nancy, you been going to that healer for twelve years, and you still get headaches every night.
Oh, Hank.
Uh, can I speak with Peggy?
You don't know who I am, but I know where you live...
I'm gonna live in London and be a rich millionaire and have people killed.
They're not jokes, Bill, they're painful lessons.
I thank my father every day for all the tricks he played on me.
He taught me the most wonderful lesson a child can learn: Never trust nobody.
That's how I know Bob Dole's faking that dead arm.
If you want to be sissies.
Gee, thanks.
I like how you say everything's sacred.
That's funny too.
Oh, man.
What kind of lefty hootenanny is this?
You and I may be acquainted but we are not traveling companions.
I am merely here to enjoy Earth Day and play some hacky-sack.
How do you know my name, crane-killer?
It's a scientific fact that women like round, muscular butts.
I'm going to look for a guy with a round, muscular butt.
Take her.
Sucker.
Hey, you seem like a regular guy.
This neighborhood is turning into Melrose Place.
Boomhauer didn't do anything, and even if he did, why do you care?
Luanne's not your relation.
Dammit, Hank, you know I can't have loud sudden noises while I'm meditating!
I was a nose-hair away from achieving inner peace!
It was not done by me.
It was done through me.
One of those stealth helicopters with computerized noise-cancellation capability.
They're still working the chings out.
alt.
conspiracy.
black.
helicopters.
You are, if you get me some smokes.
Nope.
I think they're Chinese.
Japanese guys usually have glasses and a suit and a tie, and stuff like that.
Believe me, Hank, if Kahn were from Mars, you'd care.
Especially after he's stolen every last drop of Earth's drinkable water and taken it back to his home planet... Mars.
Here are the facts as I see them: Kahn served you dog.
They'll probably get you with a blow-dart.
That's their way.
But you'll just think it's a mosquito bite, until you die.
Then you'll know the truth.
Have you tried squatting?
It takes pressure off the lower body.
Here's one that's guaranteed to work for you, Hank.
You didn't let me finish.
It should have been Bill.
He's Japanese.
Sometimes things just disappear for no logical reason.
One day, my cousin woke up... his kidney was gone.
At the same time, five hundred miles away, a woman in Phoenix contracted diabetes.
Uh, are you allergic to asbestos?
I hate to see Nancy cooped up all Sunday playing that Boggle.
It's a beautiful day.
She ought to be outside hanging my laundry.
Boy, that wife of yours is pretty good.
I guess that's why they call her your better half.
Two days ago, you were like a little boy, all excited about the mower show.
Now you're this strange man holding a purse.
Which is it, Hank?
Are you some kind of man?
Or are you a little boy?
Whoa, hold on, son.
I want you to keep an open mind so you can make an informed decision.
If you want, you can read a bloated government report on smoking, or go straight to the horse's mouth and get the facts from the tobacco industry.
Joseph's having a party.
A boy-girl party.
With girls!
Don't worry, I've got it all under control.
There's not gonna be any hanky panky at my house.
Hey, John Redcorn!
Joseph's getting to be a real ladykiller, too.
I reckon he gets that from his old man.
Don't you Dale, Bill, Boomhauer us.
You said noon.
It's 12:15.
Nobody cares, Bill.
Yeah, I know the place.
That's in Taxachusetts, ain't it?
Say hello to Willie Horton for me, he's teaching at your kindergarten.
Wingo, man!
She can lay a million eggs in a twenty-four hour period.
These fire ants are well-organized, highly trained insects.
They'll swarm all over you and sting you all at once without warning on a single command.
It's how they killed L.
Ron Hubbard.
I see what's going on here... you've got another exterminator.
Is he licensed?
Is he bonded?
Is that it, Hank?
Do you want someone who's licensed and bonded?
I only used as much poison as necessary and not a 55-gallon drum more.
Uh, I'm denying that.
That's my position.
If all you're going on is my confession, forget it.
I'm simply not credible.
While I was blacked out, was anything inserted into me?
Answer the question.
So then Ray walks in with the same snow-camouflage bib overalls he knew I planned to wear that same hunt!
Hank's jacket is so Desert Storm.
Guns don't kill people, the government does.
Let me ask you this: A guy breaks into your house, but you don't have a gun.
How are you going to shoot him?
That's a thinker.
You know how the Egyptians un-tipped the pyramids, don't you?
With a winch, a cinder block, and 50,000 Hebrew slaves.
You got a cinder block?
Set your mousse on stun, Bill!
This tornado's already registered a level two on the Fujisaki scale.
A storm that strong will send an egg through a barn door... two barn doors if one of them's open.
Level three will send an egg through a brick wall.
Tornado chasers call it Humpty's Revenge.
Tornado time is like the End of Days, Bobby.
The soft shall be blasted through the hard.
Chaos will descend upon the well-organized.
And the strongest of men will become like a woman of average strength.
All right, twister, it's just you and me.
Ten years ago you took my shed... did you think I'd just forget?
Come on, bring it on!
You and your worms are fishing in the past, Hank, in the days of black-and-white television and a democratically elected Congress.
Don't lie to us, friend, 'cause when you lie, you make an ass out of you and me.
I followed you.
Every twist and every turn.
By the way, I'm going to need to follow you home.
I do not recognize the authority of a court that hangs the gold-fringed flag.
A flag with gilded edges is the flag of an admirality court.
An admirality court signifies a naval court-martial.
I cannot be court-martialled twice.
That is all.
I caught it.
That's my position.
I had a coupon.
Don't do it, Hank.
He's already caught us cheating once.
He'll double our sentence.
I know what you're thinking, Hank, and it's not true.
Every once in a while, a guy suspects his wife has a thing for another man.
Uh-huh.
My Nancy's going to Corpus Christi for the weekend for some migrane workshop.
I'm suspicious as hell.
Good thing John Redcorn's going with her... he can keep an eye on things.
The vandalism upon my house can only be described as a hate crime.
Somebody hates me.
Boo!
I am a high-priced Washington lobbyist peddling influence.
Who wants candy?
My Joseph better not be sterile... I need my seed to live on.
Certain plans of mine require additional Gribbles.
That noise has been giving Nancy headaches all week, then yesterday her back broke out in scratch marks.
Very little!
Rematch?
I thought we agreed never to discuss the horrors we saw on the killing fields of the fun center.
I believe a child benefits from the psychological approach.
When I need to correct Joseph, I tell him he's adopted.
Have you seen Joseph?
He's not back with my Pick Six numbers and I'm starting to worry.
I can't win it if I'm not in it.
I notice my wife's name was not among those mentioned.
Am I to assume Nancy should continue worrying?
Even if they are, there's nothing lovers do that could possibly take this long.
Am I right?
How did he know I wanted a beer?
There's nothing wrong with that in and of itself.
Ever since they held that big women's conference in Beijing, co-ed sports has been the number-two priority on the international feminite agenda.
Want to know what the number-one priority is?
Co-ed bathrooms.
It'll be a cold day in hell before we institute that in the Gribble home.
Wrestling a girl.
That's a tough one, Bobby.
If you win, you get the shame of having beat up a girl.
If you lose, you just better hope she snaps your neck.
That's the quickest way.
If you want, I can show you how to make a bomb out of a roll of toilet paper and a stick of dynamite.
The Super Bowl was pre-taped six months ago in the same Nevada hangar where they faked the moon landing.
Hey, Hank, did you ever wonder what it'd be like to drink beer standing over there?
You gotta do something to sweep her off those big feet, Hank.
Toss a little woo at her, see what sticks.
Maybe you can steal something from a movie, like Lethal Weapon.
Man, those two guys loved each other.
If I know my Mexican legal system, which I do, we'll get about fifteen years with a starvation diet of moldy bread and warm water.
Oh, no.
And of course there is a total lack of toilet paper and privacy.
You'd be surprised, Kahn.
I take the fifth on a daily basis.
Computers don't make errors.
What they do, they do on purpose.
By now your name and particulars have been fed into every laptop, desktop, mainframe and supermarket scanner that collectively make up the global information conspiracy, otherwise known as The Beast.
You just be careful.
Computers have already beaten the Communists at chess.
Next thing you know, they'll be beating humans.
Your only way out is to start over with a new identity.
If you want, I can get you the birth certificate of a child who died in 1953.
It's hardly been used.
Who's not a quitter?
My dead friend Hank Hill, or my new friend Rusty Shackelford?
You should have seen this coming, Hank.
One by one, your friends will desert you.
I'll be next.
Joseph, you know I do not sign any document issued by a government institution.
Wait a minute... how is that interesting?
Poor Bill.
His woman is making a fool of him.
Fork!
I have killed all the bugs in Arlen.
It is time for me to take on new challenges.
My resume... 
You told Bobby to listen to Jimmy Witchard?
He was in my gun club.
People say he fried his brain one day staring at the sun.
'Course, he couldn't have been to smart to do that in the first place.
Kind of a chicken-egg thing.
You know what the root of the problem is, don't you?
Feminism.
Gloria Steinbrenner, that's what started it.
Gerald Ford should have killed her when he had the chance.
That boy's no deader than Mother Theresa.
Oh, I needn't, shouldn't I?
Then maybe I shouldn't know that all Mega Lo Mart employees have a $5000 insurance policy.
That's what They want you to think!
Look at that John Redcorn, he sure can swing!
John Redcorn never strikes out, right, Nancy?
Redcorn's gonna score again!
Wingo, man, he's going all the way!
Your wife loves me and wants us to run off together.
I have not yet been able to ascertain where.
No probleemo on this end, I don't even find her attractive.
Don't flatter yourself, Hank, Nancy likes her men thin and pale of face.
I thank God every day for sending me an angel with the hots for my trachtine physique.
Wait a minute, let me get this straight: Nancy and John Redcorn did something to your dog?
Pauly Shore, nineteen-ninety-two, cl-assic!
I know how it got here.
One of them firefighting planes scooped it up out of Lake Arlen.
You're telling me there's a poorly-trained, quasi-legal police force that operates with few if any government controls?
It's about time.
I had my hand up first.
Why do you keep giving all the cases to these other guys?
You are familiar with my credentials, yet you still refuse to give me a case?
Let's get one thing straight, Ladybird: you work for me.
Spanking was wrong then and it's wrong now.
I say spare the rod and spoil the child!
I don't think so.
Did you hear that?
My son is dreaming about getting spanked by your wife!
I guess we owe you an apology.
And I guess those were probably deer droppings, too.
Hank, a hunting trip's not just about getting drunk or shooting deer.
It's about getting out in the woods, away from the government, where your paper money is useless unless you run out of leaves.
Where a man can let down his guard and share his biggest fear.
Damn inferior Soviet surplus equipment.
Never does what it's s'posed.
That's my boy!
I was about to say precisely the same thing.
Except the sub's in Lake Superior.
The Gribble doesn't fall far from the tree.
Just so you know, I'm willing to drink beer you've sat on, I'm just not willing to reach for it.
Eight topless bars and no Cotton.
Of course, you'd be a lot more help if you'd open your eyes, Hank.
That's not what he needs.
I know a man who can remove Hank's fingerprints for him.
But believe me, pay the extra and get the fifty-dollar job.
Now you've ruined it.
We may or may not have met your father in the men's room, and we may or may not have told him that we were being paid $50 to participate in a focus group.
Is that a real computer?
Oh, in that case, my name is Rusty Shackelford.
Shackelford.
Who are those people?
Aaaaaaaaaggggggh!
To Mr and Mrs Bobby Hill. May their marriage be every bit as wonderful as mine is.
Not on my watch.
I can't keep this up.
It's not in my nature to care about others.
Come on, you know you're Bill.
Well, if you're Lenore, then where's Bill?
I'm skeptical that you could, yet intrigued that you may.
Hank's a lumberjack and he's OK...
Bunch of kids?
I gave you names!
My name is Shackelford, Rusty Shackelford.
I refuse to speak without my attorney present.
I am Mr Shackelford's attorney, Rusty Shackelford.
My client pleads insanity.
You pushed me aside and made me look like an idiot in front of my own flesh and blood.
B-A- Bay, B-E Be, B-I- Bicky Bi B-O Bo, Bicky Bi Bo!
Yeah, man, I tell you what, man, dang ol' detector, man, government take away freedom of smoke, talkin' 'bout yo, man.
Wingo, interception, Joseph!
That's our boy, a real all-American.
Arlen's native son.
That's a Gribble of an idea, Bill!
Conversations... Actions, whereabouts, your mowing schedule... 
I'd think he likes being bossed around by women if I didn't know better, which I don't.
Nice work, John Redcorn.
She didn't suspect a thing.
You are so clueless!
You're asking me if I have theories?
Oh, not a clue.
It's done with twins.
One Peggy in the pinata, the other Peggy in the audience.
You don't know that for sure and you never will.
They destroyed the evidence when they blew up one of the Peggys.
Hank, what would weirdos be doing near the gas station?
What would weirdos be doing near the gas station...
Say hello to the Allegro X9J, code name Redeemer at the Mason mower skunkworks in Sidemount Hood.
73 decibels of twin-barrel four-stroke war cry, all at a price I can't really afford.
That is a water-tight seal.
I can mow my lawn in a hurricane.
Can you mow your lawn in a hurricane, Bill?
You can't mow your lawn in a hurricane.
Can you, Boomhauer?
Bullcorn!
Oh, almost forgot: Hank can you mow your lawn in a hurricane nope didn't think so ha ha ha ha!
I know what you're here for.
Quit screwing around with my mower!
I don't kid about my mower.
Now get inside and start massaging my wife.
Look at the date on that paper.
That's tomorrow's newspaper.
Who would have access to a newspaper from the future, you might ask?
The paperboy.
The date on my watch has been set incorrectly.
When did the paperboy have access to my watch?
I'd like to live in your fairy-tale world, Hank, but the Fair Play For Cuba Committee is retro-fitting my mower to power Fidel's one-man escape sub.
Boomhauer, if I ever heard anyone reading a script, that was it.
One shot on the way down eliminates the Gribble problem.
Then the Cuban robot soldiers have only Steve Wynn standing between them and Wichita.
If there are no Cubans, how do you account for Desi Arnaz?
You know, you used to be on my list of trustables, and it was a very short list.
I wasn't even on it.
But now, I just don't know.
I guess you're not my friend.
If you're going to shoot me, I want Bobby Hill to take the shot, because he'll put me down clean.
I'll never forget you, Hank.
I will bury you in my backyard.
I'll dedicate my life to propane.
And don't you worry about Peggy... I'll keep Bill away from her.
You're fine!
You were wearing a bulletproof vest.
You thought I was gonna shoot you.
I would have, too.
Hank's right.
If all the children leave Arlen, there will be no young to take care of our old.
Our old will feed off our very old.
Our very old who are not eaten will wish they had been... eaten.
Practically?
 I was going to be the next Zapruder.
Except nobody shot a president after that.
Nobody that knew what he was doing.
Hank, you have bullyragged this production and stifled my creativity since day one.
It is now day two.
I quit.
So it's up and running.
The secret lab in the basement of the Harvard Divinity School where they ordain women surgically.
You tell me a lot of things, Hank.
Most of which I publish.
Colonel, I would be honored if you used my phone to claim responsibility.
Executioning.
For us exterminators, that's the major league.
The show.
My word is my bond, sir, due to the fact that the state wouldn't bond me.
Where's Old Sparky?
Okay, where's Old Squirty?
Dead is dead, I don't care how we get there.
Reverse psychology?
That'll never work.
Gotcha.
We don't want to fix your trampoline.
It's a sign.
We've been playing God with Buckley's trampoline, and now God is playing God with us, and he's a lot better at it.
Twenty years.
If your marriage were a murderer, it'd probably be out by now.
Colonel, from your dress and demeanor, can I assume you are about to take your own life in a cheap motel room with your service revolver?
This record is all Bill's got.
Should we rock-paper-scissors to see who keeps him from killing himself in the bathroom?
It's an... outrage?
I am outraged!
I really am!
Did I?
Was it small like an ant, or crafty like a fly?
Wingo!
But you gotta chip in for gas and poison.
How 'bout I come with?
I've always wanted to eat fried dough in the most corrupt city on earth.
I am the hoe-master!
Hear me hoe!
Hank, you were right about it being complicated but wrong to make me want to try it so badly.
Metal detector?
The detector would go off constantly due to the high level of extraterrestrial alloy in our soil, which acts as a homing beacon to the Martian capital of (gurgle) (smack) (click) (gulp) City.
You said you'd be back in a minute.
We waited a minute.
Then we waited another.
10:15, Hank picks up Hal.
10:15, Hank picks up Hal.
I said, 10:15, Hank picks up Hal!
You're lucky you're in the army.
You've got a tracking device in your teeth.
They'll find you.
An exterminator in a pet cemetary!
I have many enemies here.
We invested all that time, and effort maybe, in Hank, and he has forsaken us!
We don't need Hank.
We are two beta males at the top of our game!
I know!
No problems, Hank.
I have played out this scenario a thousand times in my mind.
In most of them, I have won.
I give you one little thing to do, and you screw it up.
Do it the hard way.
Survival diary update: I have been drinking dewdrops found on the forest leaves, and I have been eating mushrooms and moss.
Mostly mushrooms.
My rabies has taken a turn for the worse.
I am starting to hallucinate.
When I close my eyes, I can see strange characters running around chasing colorful geometric shapes in a dark and infinite limbo.
I have stopped closing my eyes.
I fear I am going mad!
Survival reminder: need hammer and nails.
Also batteries for tape recorder.
Also need new tape recorder.
I'm going to drain all the blood from your body.
Then I'm going to replace my blood with your non-rabid blood, which will both cure me and give me all your knowledge of propane and propane accessories.
Hey, do your people even celebrate Thanksgiving?
You're not sorry, and I'm not an Admiral.
The only thing that kept me going was my will to smoke again.
And the ashtrays from an Alitalia flight.
The real problem will be obtaining fresh meat.
A breeding pair of gerbils.
Laugh now, lady.
After a month of eating cockroaches, you will be begging for gerbster.
My Dew!
How could you do this to me, Puff-Puff?
Hank, I have dedicated my life to getting ahead of others in times of crisis.
This is my time.
I have no idea.
That's it!
This is your go-to guy!
An outhouse and monkey beans?
I couldn't take on the freaking bicentennial with an outhouse and monkey beans, let alone the millennium!
You listen to me, Clem Kadiddlehopper, and you listen good.
2 trillion lines of lethal software code... All going down!
Utilities will fail!
Nuclear weapons will launch themselves!
I'll take all nine of those little dogs on top.
Wrap them up.
Untie the Queen.
I love my boy.
Don't you love my boy, Hank?
You're where?
The booby hatch?
Wait, the gentleman's club or the mental hospital?
C'mon, I'm not leaving without my kiss.
I can wait.
I can destroy you.
Apparently this door has some kind of anti-opening device.
...Which is why so many people are suddenly allergic to peanuts.
The peanuts are emitting toxins as an evolutionary defence mechanism.
They're tired of being eaten, and now they're fighting back.
Hank must never know we were in here.
Our society stigmatizes the mentally ill... and rightly so, these people are nuts!
All those in favor of Boomhauer's plan, raise their hand.
I must say I'm surprised by the results.
I thought I at least had my support.
How'd they find out about this?
Or you could just put out.
Now that you mention it, I am positive they will.
They'll drug-test everyone in Arlen.
The price for a bag of clean urine will double.
Unchanged.
Well, it's probably about time I apologized for my misguided Y2K hysteria.
Who would have guessed the whole thing would go off without a hitch?
Really brought the country together.
Yep, best thing that could ever happen, Y2K....
Fine: 5-5-5-5-5.
Young lady, you better march right back into Hank's den.
That's your home and that will always be your home.
Right, Hank?
It is I, Dale Gribble, man of a thousand faces.
You just met face two: the deaf electrician.
I couldn't help but overhear your uncle's bad advice.
The only thing your roommates, i.
enemy, understand is psychological warfare, i.
dirty tricks.
It worked for Dick Nixon.
For example, get some goat's blood, then taint that blood.
Then when your roommates need blood, give them the tainted goat's blood.
It's a perfect plan.
Oh, well, in that case, put the dishes in the shower.
That's how Nancy gets me to do them.
Excuse me, I am here to buy a Wagner Char-King Imperiale as advertised.
My satisfaction depends on it.
Bait and switch!
Bait and switch!
Gas cop, gas cop, whatcha gonna do...
Even Bill Clinton only spends $300 on his haircuts, and for that he gets the haircut plus a high-colonic administered by Barbra Streisand.
Maybe if you had the Marines on your side.
You eliminated Bill!
Bill-iminator!
The army eliminated the Sergeant barbers.
Now Bill has no purpose in the army either!
This shirt would beg to differ.
Look at yours, Hank: Flamer, for the propane man.
I guess I could have gone with Propane Man.
I started with square peg, and then put a twist on it.
And then Nancy told me spare is a bowling term, so it works on both levels.
Welcome to peggysfeet.
com.
Sorry to interrupt your healing session... hey, John Redcorn... but Hank and Peggy invited us to dinner Saturday night.
Boy, her can looks so sexy when she's walking away, it's almost a shame she's gonna turn around and come back.
Boy, you smell good.
Found it on the ground.
Ooh, I'd forgotten how comfortable your mattress is.
What is it?
Sealey?
Simmons?
Serta?
Springair?
Sterns and Foster?
Wait a minute.
Every time I leave, you call John Redcorn.
I know what's going on here.
Your headaches are a desperate bid for my attention.
But what do I do?
I pawn you off on some Indian healer so I can have my Dale time at the gun club, or breeding show turtles, or on the Internet investigating unexplained phenomenona.
God, I am so selfish!
I don't deserve you.
Are you sure you're not an alien?
'Cause you just abducted my heart.
I was.
But then Hank had to go draggin' me and the old lady to some Italian romanceria.
Next thing you know we're on our second honeymoon, except there's no cruise ship and I only vomited once.
Damn my cat-like reflexes!
Sh-sh-sh-sha!
You come from money?
Enacted in 1966, the Freedom of Information Act... or FOIA... gives any citizen the right to request access to federal agency records or information.
It's what I used when I took on the IRS for disallowing my status as a tax-exempt church.
Bringing down the federal government?
Not at all.
On behalf of the white man, I would like to formally apologize for everything my people have done to your people.
Fifteen years of patient-healer relations, and I shatter it like so much lamp on scalp.
I can't fix that lamp... I tried, and I got a really bad shock... but maybe I can put you two back together.
For both of you.
What do you say, John Redcorn?
Will you heal my wife?
Please?
You bastard!
After all the help I've given you!
Wait, I guess I could treat you.
I mean, I'm not a licensed New Age healer, but I think I've walked in on you guys often enough to know what goes on in there.
I was getting a weird vibe in there.
Do you think he's gay?
We ought to wrap the trailer in toilet paper.
I think I have some left over from the Billy Ray Cyrus job.
Jennifer, we're fantastic!
Sew-er!
Whatever you say, Aunt Bee.
Hey, while you're at it, maybe you can quilt one of them coffins for me.
It's only a matter of time before Joseph's hormonal rage forces him to kill me in my sleep and marry my mother.
My Bug-a-bago!
What evil hath been wrought to befall this upon me?
Damn teenagers!
We're going to stay in Mexico and see how the election turns out.
In the event of any problems... civil unrest, military coup... we will remain in Mexico under assumed identities.
You are Fritz Kruger, wealthy Ecuadorian rancher.
And I am Central American singing sensation LaMotil.
Well, with me acting as your legal advisor, I am confident that you have an airtight case.
Although I am not sure what you mean by precedent.
Just give him his land back, Hank.
To the white man!
So Joseph called you a cannibal.
It's not like it's true.
Is it?
Boy, you're sure up on cannibalism, John Redcorn.
Well, look at the time...
You should know, I'm highly carcinogenic.
Now here's the plan: psst psst psst psst...
Well, I've got nothing!
Yep.
Or should I say yada yada yada?
Hank, should I?
Yeah, and maybe I'll file a federal income tax return.
That goes in my big book of So Theres.
State your purpose.
I'd say you're a madman.
Or a genius.
Maybe a little of both.
I'll go 60/40.
That middle school is impregnable.
Cannot be pregnated.
Except by me.
But I don't come cheap.
Fine, I'll come cheap.
You got five bucks?
I'm in.
There's four kids in there, and tough ones too.
I do.
But the amount of poison that can make four kids fall asleep might also kill an armadillo.
And the kids might not wake up.
Last Christmas I hid Joseph's gift so well, I still haven't found it.
Cutest little puppy.
Or should I say dog?
Valet parking is five dollars.
Valet of the Dales is not responsible for lost or stolen articles.
That lot's full, but Bill says I can put overflow parking poolside at Luanne's house.
Octavio!
La bamba le automobilo!
No scratcho, comprende?
Why do you hate love, Hank?
I've got it!
Bill wants to have a child.
Hank's urethra is too narrow to have another child.
Ergo, Bill should inseminate Peggy.
Everybody's happy.
Didn't hurt.
Nancy!
Mask, smask.
Smask?
Schmask.
Schmask.
Mask, schmask.
That's it.
Mask, schmask!
I'll tell you what I told that doctor: I'm not quitting, you incompetent quack!
I have more pressures than any of you.
You ever try replacing a cockroach's blood with root beer?
Then don't judge me.
I didn't mean to brag.
It's just that we were having spectacular sex.
Maybe it's something I ate.
What's the opposite of oysters?
Apples?
Up yours, Joseph.
Sorry, son, that's the coffee talking.
And the fluorescent lighting.
And the excruciating headache.
We'd all love to make time for roaches.
But in the real world, people have to spend all night reconciling invoices or Miss Pittman won't let them wear Chinos and a knit shirt next Friday!
Firing Gladstone?
Sure!
Louis, you've been with Stik Tek how long?
No, it won't.
You're fired!
Yeah, yeah.
Look, I have to eat, she has to pee, and he has to get back to selling propane or he'll wind up in the same boat as you.
I had someone in here today with eight.
Heck, I once killed a beetle with thirty million in her egg sack.
You keep this up, Joseph, you're fired from this family.
You're next, blondie.
They're not recognizing me as their maternal influence!
The project has gone horribly awry!
Joseph, get me some poison!
Damn it!
Why are there so many ways to kill a human, but only one way to kill a bug?
The roaches are dead!
Please return to your lunch!
Enjoy!
Pittman, firing people can give you a pretty good buzz, but it's a poor substitute for killing.
I realize that now.
Another man touching her all over?
Playing with her manifolds?
Hank Hill is weeping like a little French girl!
Hank's never gonna let this truck go, and we're the ones who are gonna suffer.
We will now be rides to the auto zone, and those chumps who will push my truck.
I've had my van for ten years.
At the first sign of weakness, I'll shoot her myself!
Push her in!
We all came to see the opening of a doghouse!
S'go, s'go, s'go!
S'get there!
Hank, if you're steering the car, who's taking off your shirt?
I'm Gribble of the Gribble party.
We requested four standard rooms on your kosher floor.
This is an outrage!
How do you intend to placate me?
Wait till my pastor hears about this!
My god is a vengeful god!
Don't mind him... he's with the schoolmarm convention.
Why is it always about asses with you, Hank?
If you're trying to smoke out the Communists, relax.
We're all cool.
True, Lenore is ten times hotter than Ann Richards.
And Ann Richards is hot!
He's a sissy.
There, I said that.
11:16.
Octavio speaks into tape recorder.
Thus leaving crucial evidence!
Stupid idiot!
Octavio must be gotten rid of.
Dear Octavio: This is the hardest letter I've ever had to write... I would like to purchase some chloroform, a roll of duct tape, and this gagging bandana.
You wouldn't hit an unconscious maaaaaa.... [passes out]
That Tammi's quite a dish.
Frankly, though, I think Nancy has a nicer can.
Hank, do you think Nancy has a nicer can than Tammi's can?
Huh?
My wife's can vis-a-vis your wife's friend's can?
All right, if no one's gonna say it to you, Hank, I'll say it: I am jealous of that hat!
Gentlemen, you are looking at the winner of the first annual Durndle County mower races, stock class.
What information have you brought me, Octavio?
Blast!
We will still win, but we must train twice as hard.
Octavio, release the chicken.
All right, Octavio, now that the inspection is over, hook up the nitrous oxide to my engine.
Yes.
But it'll give me a boost of speed.
Add that to the natural quickness of the Mason 5000, and I just might overcome my weak driving skills.
Wait a minute!
Kid Dy-no-mite has got it!
Why don't we take Boomhauer's car for a joyride?
The left brake's not working!
Boomhauer's grave?
Are you suggesting we kill Boomhauer?
Well, you're the boss.
Earth first!
Make Mars our bitch!
But it is there.
Now that's a plan, Hank!
They'll try to pin it on me.
And since I did it, they will succeed.
Could you give us a lift?
I blame the mirror.
I've seen a mirror turn an ordinary man ten feet tall, and another mirror turn the same man three feet short.
That man was me.
What's this facectomy gonna run us?
It'll take us twenty years to save that kind of money.
And then you'll have to make her look forty years younger, and we'll never be able to afford that!
They subpoenaed my records.
That's the first step.
The second step will be to kidnap everyone I've ever known and erase their memories.
The third step will be to kill me!
Wake up, Hank!
These people kill 400,000 of their own satisfied customers every year!
Wow!
Luanne is one hot fudge sundae with two big scoops!
These people are amateurs to be trifled with.
In the spirit of Akido: sh-sh-sh-sha!
Nancy's a terrible actress.
Remember how her Liza Doolittle did little for the critics?
For my insults to be effective, Nancy must remain completely in the dark, her reactions real and unscripted, like a Dean Martin roast.
Nancy, dear, your smoke-ravaged face is making me nauseous.
Would you mind putting this bag over your head so I can make love to you?
Beefaroni's really neat...
Yippee!
She's coming back, Bill.
Bill, you're scaring me.
Weren't we just having fun?
Gribble, I hold in my hand People Magazine's 50 Most Beautiful People issue.
Are you familiar with this Time-Warner publication?
Your honor, I intend to establish the witness's impossibly high standard of beauty.
Thank you, your honor.
Gribble, turning to page 16 of this magazine, can you identify the individual pictured thereon?
Not you, the prettier woman next to you.
Would the woman in the sunglasses and hat please remove her sunglasses?
And hat?
She is the most beautiful woman in the world to me, and I want her back more than anything.
If anything, I owe Manitoba money for the loveliness my second-hand smoke has bestowed upon my Nancy.
I'm so sorry, Nancy.
I just wanted to make you think you were ugly so if you testified, you wouldn't have to lie.
It's romantic and cunning.
I'm the whole package.
With the finest lotions, the softest tissues, and the most pleasing lighting design, the Port-a-Gribble will be a four-by-five-by-eight foot slice of paradise.
Here at Port-a-Gribble, we reserve the right to refuse service to no one.
No shoes, no shirt, yes service!
So they administer the test, and they sell the books.
You're getting scammed, and I should know.
I lost a bundle to that Gypsy modeling school.
Be careful what you wish for.
Macaroon?
I've got entrance wound size and exit wound size.
The Generalissimo was guarded better than a Mafia Don's virgin daughter.
We needed the element of surprise, so me and my team showed up disguised as flower delivery men.
He answers the door thinking someone sent him a bouquet of roses.
But instead, he's pushing up daisies!
Sh-sh-sh-sha!
Oh, God, if that happened I'd kiss his bloody nub.
Mad Dog's running for president.
He's already got the black vote... Earl... and the gay vote... Earl.
Me having an accidental discharge is like you giving a sales pitch for a grill, and not even mentioning the convenient warming plate.
The falcon has the egg.
By egg I mean briefcase.
Oh, and this is Dale, from the ad.
Wait a minute.
I don't recall a change in plans being in the original plan.
What am I carrying in this case?
It's drugs, isn't it?
Well, if you want a mule, go to the pet store, Big!
Mercenary.
I can't die on my first mission!
It's bad for business!
I should have known it was too good to be true.
Fourteen years I've been running that ad, and not one call.
Then, suddenly... one call.
Quick, Nancy, plan 51-Tango!
Plan 51-Tango!
In the event of a hostile takeover of the gun club, resulting in a Dale-threatening situation, I flee to Costa Rica.
Why do we even have the drills if you're not gonna pay attention?
He wanted me to have it!
He's getting a convertible!
I wasn't supposed to say anything, but here it is: he's having a midlife crisis, he'll probably leave your mother, and it's partially your fault.
But we've known each other since the second grade!
When did this happen?
First grade?
In about two minutes, a CIA swat team is gonna swarm this place like flies on Bill.
All those in favor of re-electing Dale Alvin Gribble, who is currently running on the save your sorry asses platform, say aye.
It says right here, One dollar discount with period costume.
 Well, I’m from the future, and the future is a period, ergo, this is a period costume!
Period!
Bleep!
You’re gonna get killed, Hank.
I’d offer to help, but the Prime Directive forbids me from altering the course of history.
If I do, you will win, but the universe will lose, and who wants that?
Besides you.
In the Middle Ages, there was an orderly procedure for the dispensation of the wife, unlike in today’s gynocracy.
Ownership goes from the son, to the dog, to the best friend.
Bobby’s too young, Ladybird’s too old, I already own a wife, Boomhauer doesn’t have the time, so Bill, this could be your in.
Heh, heh, oh, boy, you’re gonna have your hands full with this one, Bill.
The Prime Directive has been breached!
Women’s Liberation has happened too soon!
I must warn the future!
I know all about your naked dream with my wife!
That's right, John Redcorn told me everything.
He's a true friend, unlike you.
I got a pirate radio set at the swap meet, so I will bring to this neighborhood a non-stop talk alternative.
A constant barrage of eye-opening conspiracies and ad-libbed innuendi.
Too bad there's only twenty-four hours in a day... or is there?
Tune in to 84.
372 and find out!
Children, I implore you, rip out your fillings!
This is 24-hour Gribble Talk, serving the entire tri-house area.
After 60 hours on the air, I must apologize, people: that last caller was not the real Spiro Agnew, although he did make some cogent points.
This is live talk radio, people, working without a net.
All right, our next caller, from nearby McMaynerbury... must be a windy day... and this is quite an honor: former Soviet Premier Leonid Brezhnev.
Let's see... I told you about the sperm-count-lowering soft drinks... I told you about Supercuts cataloguing DNA... I'm running dry here, people...
Is there any concrete evidence that Hawaii actually exists?
No, I covered that.
Well, folks, earlier I made some comments that were deemed insensitive by one of my key sponsors, Dale's Dead-Bug, who has pulled all his ads.
Coward.
And I can't drum up any new sales because I'm stuck behind this bleeping microphone 24 hours a day.
So I have been forced to sell the station to Mexican interests.
Viva la revolution!
Octavio.
My turn: Tongue-kiss a lizard, or take a shower in Bill's bathroom?
You'll just ruin it.
Let Hank tell it.
That was pretty funny.
Tell it again.
My son the jock.
With me and your mother as parents, I don't know how you got so athletic.
I'm in over my head, Hank.
I ran out of advice after I told him to hold the stick like a giant cigarette.
Could I?
Yes.
Will I?
Yes.
Bravo, Bobby, bravo.
That's the best performance since Michael Caine's ether-huffing abortionist in The Cider House Rules.
Are you as nervous for Bobby as I am?
So where's your better half?
Poor Joseph.
Can you send a thirteen year-old boy a bouquet of flowers?
Is that appropriate?
I recently saw on the Discovery Channel that it takes nine months to make a baby.
Well, nine months before Joseph was born, me and my reproductive organs were 500 miles away in Marfa, Texas.
For years, alien spaceships have appeared in the sky above Marfa.
A lunatic fringe have dismissed these so-called Marfalites as swamp gas, experimental aircraft, or weather balloons.
So I went on a research trip to debunk these wacko theories.
Nancy had a horrible headache and couldn't travel, so I asked John Redcorn to stay at the house to protect her while I was gone.
I thought I was being so smart, but I have never been so stupid.
The truth has been right in front of me all these years.
Joseph's father is... an alien!
The aliens knew I was getting too close to the truth.
Exactly what truth, I have no idea, but I was close.
They had to do something to distract me.
And what better way than a lifelong distraction... a child.
So they impregnated Nancy with their highly potent space juice.
As nefarious schemes often do, it worked.
For the past thirteen years, I have been too busy raising an alleged son to maintain constant surveillance.
Actually, no.
He was a purebred alien, and had a heart of gold.
You're only half-alien, and at times can be a tad self-absorbed.
It's the truth, isn't it?
I felt the same way when Boomhauer told me I had bad breath, but since then I've learned to inhale when I talk.
One of them half-alien.
Well, thanks anyway.
I can't believe I lost Joseph.
I hope his real dad doesn't eat my brain.
But of course he will.
No, I'm not.
John Redcorn.
John Redcorn.
He taught Joseph, then Joseph taught me.
Recovering... recovering... recovered memory!
That's exactly how it went down, which means you are my flesh-and-blood genetic son!
Based on what I know about Bill, and conspiracies, I'd say they used him in their attempted assassination of boxing promoter Bob Eram.
You don't have to answer that.
Good plan!
Why don't you also ask them for a tour of the underwater White House?
What do you want me to do?
Ignore myself?
As you will see from this incontrovertible evidence, Sergeant, then Private, Bill Dauterive was given large doses of an experimental drug from 1982 to 1984.
The Army was trying to create an elite group of Arctic commandoes, stationed in Alaska and able to withstand frigid temperatures.
They called it Operation Infinite Walrus.
 Their mission: to repel an invasion if and when the Communists came over the polar ice cap.
The drug was designed to promote accumulation of heat-retaining blubber on the torso, foster the growth of insulating body hair, and create the ability to undertake long periods of hibernation.
We can't tell the Army that Bill stole a tank.
They'll tell their superiors at America Online and he'll be dead, along with everyone on his buddy list.
Ooh, I am so impressed!
Have you also downloaded the classified instruction manual for this tank from Vladimir Putin's website, took a correspondence course in Russian, translated the manual, memorized it and eaten it?
Have you, Hank?
Or that your breath always stinks like rotting garbage.
Gentlemen, the crap has literally been scared out of me.
It's safer in here, in my armor-plated womb.
Hank, can I listen to your heart beat?
The army destroyed all his brain cells with their deadly placeboes.
No wonder he's an ignoranus.
Ignoranus.
 It means stupid, you moron!
Yeah, I read it in Bill's file.
That was the name of the drug they gave him: placebo.
 I think it's made by P-fyser.
Bill was a good friend.
He gave his life to save ours.
I can safely say I would not have done the same for him.
What happens if my tee shot lands on a bird's back and he carries it out of bounds but then is attacked by a larger bird who grabs the ball and drops it in the hole?
Is that still a hole in one?
'Cause that's how I'm gonna play it.
If I'm gonna play at a fancy-smancy club like Nine Rivers, I better go sew a pom-pom to the top of my hat.
To be fair, you used to sell tractors.
The year is 1979.
Every week, America turns for hope to Laverne and Shirley.
Ted Koppel arranges to have forty-four Americans held hostage on a soundstage in Burbank by actors impersonating Iranian fanatics.
And Arlen's leading all-time rusher is Hank Hill.
The hopes and dreams of a small Texas town in the state of Texas rest squarely on the broad, athletic shoulders of its star running back and his trusted towel manager.
It's just like when we were in high school.
You secreting, me absorbing.
And you know, these are the very same towels from back then.
I'll tell you what's going on with our beer.
They've sold it to the Japanese, who will change the formula and repackage it in square bottles that will only fit cupholders in Japanese cars.
Who would have thought Hank would put some flash-in-the-pan wife ahead of thirty years of friendship?
I don't mean to sound racist, but this is by far the best selection of beans I have ever seen.
Step on it, Bill!
I don't know which way it's coming out, but it's coming out!
Texas's own Van Cliburn is a classical pianist with a bustling summer academy in Fort Worth.
We share a birthday.
We could be your backup band.
The Dale Gribble Bluegrass Experience.
The only thing brilliant, really about Yakov Smirnoff is that he's a KGB spy.
He's been sending U.
secrets back to Mother Russia while tourists are seduced by his fake comedy act.
Although his beard is real.
Well, I saw that coming.
And yet I did nothing to stop it.
Why do I fear success?
Actually, you're too late.
But her other final wish was that you would play, with us, her favorite song, on stage, now.
So, what do I tell her parents?
I'm doing this pro bono.
That means I get the bones.
I know a Chinese guy, he uses them to get erections.
They're nothing but soulless autonomatonomonapotons.
Odd.
Vexing.
My father's name is on the list.
Make sure his full name reads Bug Gribble, womanizing jerk who is not invited to my re-wedding because I hate him.
Thank you for coming.
I'll let you know how the deflowering went.
I loved my dad like a father, and he betrayed me like a betrayer.
Prepare to be destroyed by the deadliest of all martial arts... monkey-style!
Pressure point!
Gouge the eyes!
Grab the tongue!
Achilles tendon!
I don't see it.
Get away from my wife or next time I'll aim for the mannequin and hit you!
Why would a confirmed bachelor such as yourself work at a gay rodeo?
You are re-uninvited to my re-wedding.
Nancy, I don't know what to do.
No one's ever deceived me before.
If only that were true.
Nice try, J.Edgar.
Listen up, homosexuals and so-called bisexuals!
Why would I have a problem with it?
John Redcorn's gay, and I've been friends with him for years!
You didn't hear what they were saying behind your back.
Here's a sure-fire way to sweep her off her feet: You will tend to her wounds.
The ones she got from falling in the hole.
The hole you dug in the alley.
Not yet.
Nancy and I have been dying for another couple to hang out with.
Between you and me, I've run out of things to say to that woman.
We gotta do something.
The alley was balanced before.
A cool single guy, and a cool married guy.
A loser single guy, and a loser married guy.
Now it's me and three losers!
Do that thing where you compliment 'em and they come home with you.
Ah, Memorial Day.
A day when our war heroes are celebrated by even the most liberal of media.
I have no formal opinion on the Japanese.
I know that must disappoint you.
This is Hank Hill, occupant.
I cannot open the door as I am making love to my wife Peggy.
Whose house are we gonna be TP-ing this year?
So... you found the tunnel.
You should be flattered.
Think of it as a two-way friendship tube.
I can escape to your house when the Feds come a-knockin', and you can slip over to mine when some jealous husband comes looking for you.
Hank, I wouldn't use that remote.
There goes the mailbox.
That was your mailbox.
And yes, I do.
Officer, take him away.
And see that his human rights are roundly violated.
Objection! ... conjecture. Objecture.
Hank Rutherford Hill, you are within one hundred feet of me, and much as I like to scoff at the law, I also like to arbitrarily enforce it.
Skedaddle, boy.
Society's going to hell in a handbasket.
I blame the media-blamers.
Painter-er!
So I finally got up the nerve to ask Nancy for a raise in my allowance.
It did not go well.
Bobby just handed off the clean towels, put the dirties in the hamper, and didn't fumble once.
That's the hat trick!
4Skore is for pre-pubescent girls.
Are you a pre-pubescent girl, Hank?
Probably.
Yep, kids are growing up way too fast, and we have no one to blame but the Dairy Council.
They're shooting our milk up with hormones.
Your Christina Ag-u-a-leras and your Shakiras are their prototypes.
Boy, the alley's dead today.
Behold the great American fat-ass, gorging on the lips and anuses of his brethren.
So, did you get a chance to read my short story?
Remember, Bill, just because you have their attention doesn't mean that you have their respect.
Keep your pants on, lady.
My wife's hotter than you and she throws more sex at me than I know what to do with.
Well, at least you got a little chic-a-womp-womp.
It's a braeburn.
The Tuesday special is Saturday night specials.
Feel free to browse.
Excellent grouping, Colonel.
Plus those hollow points penetrated Shakespeare all the way into the so-called joyous comedies.
As You Like It?
 I like it plenty.
And so, a farewell to A Farewell To Arms.
I hear Mega Lo Mart is taking bids for a rat problem.
Boy, that'd be a sweet gig.
I could finally start paying for Nancy's health insurance instead of just telling Nancy I'm paying for it.
You've added a piece to the puzzle.
Tell me, were the standees moved sloppily, as if by monkey, or neatly, as if by man?
As if by man.
You still think it's rats.
Well, don't beat yourself up, Hank, I did too until the evidence pointed to babboons.
I know that.
I won't bore you with the details, but bottom line: it's Chuck Mangione!
Well, that's the calculated risk you take when you release a mongoose.
I blew it.
All my exterminator's instincts were wrong.
I'm not fit to live on this earth, let alone kill the things that live on this earth.
Chuck, I don't get it.
What are you doing here?
This is a long way from the Merv Griffin Show.
You chewed through the security camera wires?
But what about the droppings?
There were droppings all over the place.
This is his chance to be cool, Hank, and you only get one chance.
I know.
In your wife's pants!
oh, you mean funny-weird.
That is odd.
I see the buffalo!
I see the Indian!
I am the Indian!
Try running this vision through the old noggin.
There was an Indian.
I couldn't see his face, but he was a big guy, about yea tall and yea wide and wearing a magnificent buffalo headdress.
And he was making love to my wife.
Hold on, there's more.
I suddenly found myself in a hospital, watching Nancy give birth to Joseph.
Except Joseph was wearing the exact same headdress as the faceless Indian.
So, working backwards: I fathered an Indian child, therefore, I am an Indian.
So, do you have a regular place where you buy your feathers and bonnets and so forth?
I always wondered why I hated the federal government and loved tobacco with such passion.
But now it all makes sense.
I am the Albino Buffalo.
Deal with it.
Absolutely, for a white man.
But we're Indians.
We can kill just about anything as long as we use all the parts.
The gate is open!
Thank you, gate spirit!
I'm not gonna lie to you, Joseph.
It sure would have been sweet, having a cool son.
Hey, cool kids!
Look at Joseph smoke!
As the only happily married man out here, may I suggest marriage counselling with Dr.
Tim Rast?
Tim Rast will make your marriage last.
 I came up with that slogan during one of our sessions while Nancy was jabbering on about something.
There is a small-to-large chance you will develop high-altitude pulminary adaema, meaning your capillaries to flood with fluid, preventing adequate oxygenation, and a spiral of worsening hypoxia, leading to a slow and painful death.
That's why I brought the gun.
If you start feeling any shortness of breath, rub your belly and I will give you one of Doctor Dale's 38 caliber pain pills.
You too?
I thought my spider-senses were tingling to warn me of danger.
Unless we both have spider-sense.
You gave us all lice, you disgusting he-freak!
As an exterminator, I will take steps to spare us the shame of hairlessness.
A mixture of melathion and lindane.
Fairly harmless, according to the government, which has been squirting it at you for most of your life.
Hank, get your hose.
What kind of tattoo?
Like a bar code?
'Cause that would point to the Rand Corporation.
Dallas!
Can I see where Lee Harvey Oswald was framed?
You know what a real friend would do?
Get me to burn down said other friend's failing business for the insurance money.
Just say the word.
Or don't.
I'll get the signal.
Just nod.
Or don't.
So we're on.
What exactly are you trying to do, Hank?
Turn our school into some kind of bohemian Montessori lovefest?
You know what would make this baby sing?
Bat guano.
Nature's miracle-grow.
Yes.
But it lacks the potency of straight-out-of-the-bat feces.
Nope, we need to go straight to the source, mano a guano.
Oh, God, we've awakened a sleeping, pooping giant!
You, sir, why are you afraid to take the guano challenge?
Are you afraid it might rock your world?
Coward!
Gribble Team ready!
I'm assuming you'll want the heads for identification purposes?
Eventually they will be counted.
These birds don't stand a chance against this ultrasonic bird distress emitter.
I was up all night listening to sounds that'll drive you crazy.
Forever.
I can't get inside these pigeons' heads!
Bill, you're a filthy blocking animal... would this scare you?
The pest-control world isn't your happy fuzzy propane Candyland where you can just call people.
To get the baddest of the baddest-ass, promises must be exchanged, payola paid, reputations put on the line.
Oh, it is, and then some.
If the pigeon god... or to her parents, Sheila Repkin, PhD... decides to stoop down to to help our piddly little cause, it will be as if witnessing the beginning of time!
I could blast through a horse to get to the gopher.
Nancy, I was just telling Bill and Boomhauer that Sheila's can and your can share some striking similarities.
Show 'em your can, Nancy.
How can I help it?
She's got your hot bod and my hot mind.
It's like a science experiment gone horribly right!
Well, that's not very friendly.
I never told you to tell your friend John Redcorn to go home.
This is so great.
For the first time, I feel like I'm really detecting rat urine.
I've taken two oaths in my life: One to the NRA, and the other to Nancy Hicks Gribble, nee Nancy Hicks.
I stood in front of God and all my friends, vowing to be an honorable and truthful man.
So I'm not gonna lie to you, I have felt a small, insect-like attraction for you.
But my wife is the greatest woman there ever was!
Did you know Sheila was trying to come on to me?
Yeah, she was all over me... it was weird.
She knows I'm married!
Kahn has a mother?
Somehow I always pictured a pod situation.
I'll take a day.
I could use some Asian fingerprints in there.
Bill, she's twenty years older than you!
She's literally an old maid!
My God, she's perfect for you.
I've been raising show turtles for three years and I've never once put them in a show.
I'm a freaking hypocrite.
You'll get a new woman soon, Bill.
Remember, you scored with an older chick.
You're the man now.
Oh, wait, I was thinking of high school.
Sorry.
Sorry, Hank, but I gotta lay low for a while.
You have no idea how far the jackals at the Franklin Mint will go to collect a debt.
I hope the new neighbor isn't another Kahn.
His cracks about Peggy are funny, but apart from that, he's completely useless.
That's you, before the weight gain.
I cannot believe you met Roger Staubach's pool cleaner.
Over Bill's mutilated and lacerated body, you will!
Lay down in front of the mower, Bill.
It's the only time I've ever done that.
Squirrel tactics!
Leave it to you to make a hospital gown look unsexy, Hank.
The less kids know about money, the less likely they are to rat you out under pressure of a Federal investigation.
The Millionaire Next Door.
I read that book, but I had no idea it was about Hank.
So Hank frittered away his fortune.
Usually does.
Don't worry, Boomhauer, Patch may have beat you to the altar, but you'll beat him to the grave.
As a bachelor, your life expectancy is seven years shorter than us blissfully marrieds.
Even Bill gets a couple of years' credit for that charade of a marriage of his.
Wow, it's like if the Russians landed on the moon after we did, and then married it!
Nancy refused to make me Eggs Benedict for breakfast again.
It's not fair.
I'm a good husband.
The ones who kill their wives and go to Death Row get to eat whatever they want!
I let Joseph listen to whatever he wants.
'Course, I'm afraid of Joseph.
I'd ask for the world's rarest truffle.
Then while they were searching for it, I'd tunnel my way to freedom.
Of course, then I'd miss eating the world's rarest truffle.
Quite the quandary.
He's right, Hank.
What does your t-shirt say?
Satan Rules?
There you go!
The first meeting of the Last Meal Club convenes at Boomhauer's.
Dinners must be tense.
Here, Bill, let me serve you.
Don Quixote's Authentic Spanish Cuisine and Karaoke went out of business, and guess what I bought from them?
No I don't, you armorless jackass!
Bill, roll me over so I can kick your ass!
Actually, just move your ass closer.
Geez, Bill, why run with the bulls?
With your weight and cholesterol count, if you want to hasten death, just jump up and down a couple of times.
Now Joseph, he's bursting with testosterone.
Hey, Joseph, wanna wrestle?
Aaaaggh!
Oh, God, it hurts!
It hurts so much!
So it turns out I'm not the actual Dale Gribble, but a clone of him.
The original Dale Gribble is a super-warrior from the year 2087.
The second me, i.
I, was created to help the first me fight the invading Mongol armies.
We brought food... maybe we can squeeze moisture out of it.
Hank, we're not gonna drink Bill after all, okay?
Look how straight the lines are.
It'd be easy to get highway hypnosis.
Bill, you are getting sleepy...
Hank, we're having trouble with the engine.
And the clutch.
Oh, and we're on top of a mountain.
I think it might be a rocky mountain.
Let's just say mistakes were made.
Then other, larger mistakes.
Common name.
No relation.
Sorry I'm late.
It took longer than I thought to egg Moss's car.
Find land.
Plant this.
I will meet you at the rendezvous.
You're not the boss of me.
Bill's the boss of me.
And he says my plan is bold and innovative.
So, Nancy, what do you think of my ark?
Pretty yare, huh?
They're always talking about college, but have any of you ever actually seen one?
Pirate?
Gondola operator?
Waiter?
Pirate waiter?
Really?
I don't see it.
A good one.
He can learn from our bad example.
Count me out.
The vast majority of unauthorized face removals happen to people in hospitals.
Get in line.
That silent treatment won't work on me.
I don't need you to talk to.
I've got my thoughts.
I can't be alone with my thoughts!
You've heard them!
Not for long.
They're gorgeous, now let's talk turkey.
If you want my kidney, I gotta get something in return.
First off, I reserve the right to call you twenty-four hours a day to prove to people that I know you.
I do not play favorites with my organs: if you take my kidney on vacation, my other organs go too.
And finally, I want you to put the Dale's Dead-Bug on top of your racer.
Not as slow as if you're dead.
I can't afford to be out of commission for three days.
As one of Arlen's leading skeptics, I've got my fingers in a lot of pies.
Damn, the stuff!
Stuff is my weakness!
You have to make sure that nothing happens to me, that no one steals my brain.
Or if they do, they replace it with one of equal or greater value.
I left a plate of bacon in your attic... you should have plenty by nightfall.
Four knocks and a honk?
Three knocks?
This is my business line.
Answer it only between 9:08 and 9:23.
Nancy, what's Redcorn doing in our shower?
Come any closer and this baby's good for nothing but an Englishman's breakfast.
Now, I'm going to need an unmarked jet and two parachutes, one kidney-sized.
Hank, it sounds like you did everything right except giving away my kidney.
And since I traded it for a bunch of kiddie toys, I guess we both let me down.
So, while you were me, did you sleep with Nancy?
Too late.
To be honest, we're more into the invasion of privacy business, not the creation of privacy business.
Cotton's got to go.
But he's got Hank behind him, and Hank's the alpha neighbor.
I'm gamma or delta at best.
Well, you're not a member of Daletech, but I guess I could intervene just this once.
He called your car a jalopy.
That is literally adding insult to injury.
Daletech's a bust.
I guess this isn't the right economic climate for an expensive, poorly-trained visionary.
You really shouldn't feel so worthless.
I'm much more of a burden on my family, and I feel great.
It's serious business, Hank.
You can't be a respected university these days without offering a major in commercial jingles or the films of M.
Night Shyamalamalan.
You can be a professor of pop culture.
Wow.
Bobby the Professor.
Hank's right.
When Disneyland first started, it was completely powered by orphan children running on treadmills in underground tunnels.
And today those kids are the New York Yankees.
Rules are rules, Hank.
Without rules there would be chaos.
That's why we no longer visit the public pool.
So, Bobby, are you upset about Luanne usurping your first-born male right of primogrillature?
You're as good at telling me what to do as your dad is!
So now that our street has been declared hot, what street should we look down on?
Baggley?
No, Apple Blossom.
Apple Blossom is crap!
Hit him, four-eyes!
That's actually kind of sad, Hank.
The problem is, all our used cars now decorate Hard Rock Cafes.
Congratulations on once again outrunning the reaper, sir!
Hi, Peggy.
You're sweating like a pig.
Gee, Hank, if your wife wants to screw something up, why can't she just stick to Bobby?
It does have a cow-like quality.
So he likes to sleep, does he?
I can give him sleep in so many ways.
All right!
We'll need really big lawnmowers and really big beers.
Hurray for Smitty, or should I say The Wizard of Sod!
Hank, this is hard.
And Bill's not carrying my share of the load.
And with it, the championship!
My self-esteem is tied to this season!
You must be stopped!
Aw, let's get him back!
I'll tell you why your license is taking so long: the U.
Postal Service is bogged down in the most elaborate sci-ops campaign in history.
First they fatten us up with all those 2-for-1 pizza coupons, then when we're too logy to put up a fight, they sell us off to the Red Cross, who removes our kidneys, which go back on the pizzas to start the process all over again.
How about I read you a story?
Just like I used to before you grew a mustache and became so frightening.
But that makes sense.
It can't make sense.
It's the Warren Commission Report, for God's sake!
I didn't have a compass when I was reading the freaking book, Boomhauer!
Which direction are you facing now?
Huh?
Not so easy, is it, Magellan?
It just makes absolute, total, complete, perfect sense!
Give me liberty or give me death!
But only the kind of liberty you find in a controlled, well-regulated society.
You tell me what's crazier: that the government's free cheese contains surveillance devices to monitor America's underclass, as I once believed, or that you're a woman, as I now believe?
If my government says you're a woman, I say, enchante, madame.
 Whoa.
I think you've had enough to drink, sweetheart.
Whoa.
A black Suburban.
The new models are much smaller and greener than last year's.
Everyone will see Hank Hill for what he truly is: an America-hating he/she!
Listen!
I've never been able to say this in my whole life, but as of 2 pm yesterday, I am a taxpayer.
And I demand $36 worth of service.
I know the chain of command, starting with your supervisor, Franklin Thomas, all the way up to the under-intendent of Transportation, Edward Dibble, whose daughters, Pat and Ellie, played ladybug soccer with the daughters of the President of the United States.
And I'm not afraid to make some phone calls.
I'm your worst nightmare.
I have a three-line phone, and absolutely nothing at all to do with my time!
Come and get your freshly secreted honey!
Don't be put off by Irwin Allen's The Swarm or the tedious Peter Fonda film Ulee's Gold!
Yeah, Bee stings?
Uh... ahem... well, the going rate is... uh... twelve?
M-hm, it really is.
It's true, bee venom is the penecillin of the 21st century!
It cures everything from toothaches to ADD!
Isn't that right, young Joseph?
Step right up and tell me what ails you!
Eight bee stings.
You?
Six bee stings.
You?
Ugh!
Thirteen bee stings.
Your venom did nothing.
You betrayed me.
Well, you may have destroyed my arm, but my legs are still feeble yet functional!
Joseph, I'm having some sort of reaction.
But I'm only allergic to shellfish and... bees.
You were never here, were you?
This could be bad.
Enough with your party, Hank.
Help me figure out what to get Nancy for Christmas.
I'll never top that oil painting I commissioned last Christmas: Nude Dale In Repose.
 Tasteful, yet you can see everything.
Don't you naysay me, Boomhauer.
Once I find the right hook, this is gonna be the gift that keeps on giving.
Say nay now, naysayer.
Why die here?
 you ask.
Well, you'd be getting in on the ground floor of a wonderful investment opportunity, and all you really have to do is make two appearances a day from the afterlife, via this old antique mirror.
It's not hard work, but I do expect quality.
Any questions?
Why, so you can die over at Hank's house?
I can get you a dead little lapdog to keep you company.
Uh, Hank, looks like that cat ate your dog.
Hank, looks like the cat is out of the bag!
Oh, this has been a cat-astrophe!
Uh... cat.
Uh... you got a cat!
Credit cards are a last resort after cash, check, plasma, urine, and alien urine.
Sure, there's bone marrow, but that is more prudently used as a retirement vehicle, or so says Lou Dobbs.
You know what loosens the caboose of any party?
Big Mountain Fudgecake!
Want me to see if they're available?
They've got a super boffo Bachman-Turner Overdrive meets Deep Purple versus ELO kind of sound.
Yes!
Can you believe the slot was open?
I guess you were wrong, Hank... dreams do come true.
Listen, Yoko, I'm the manager of this act and I'm sick of you trying to split them apart!
Come on, guys.
Did we give up when I left the e off of all of our merchandise?
No, and we wore those Fudgecak T-shirts with pride.
Good.
Make him disappear.
What!
Although... no, just drive him around.
But I'm happy you're being proactive.
There are no bad ideas.
Yeah, when I first found Redcorn, he was in some go-nowhere Whitesnake meets White Lion meets Great White ripoff group.
But I recreated him as the Native American Raffi.
Outrageous.
Sure, today it's us smokers, but who tomorrow?
Pudgy white guys with strange propane fixations?
Oh, hey, Hank.
Listen, I just had sort of a quick question: how do I get my son to respect me?
Dammit, Hank, I'm 42 years old.
It's kind of late for me to start the whole be a man thing.
Is there a shortcut, or at least a website?
This is going to be tough.
I can't even take that like a man.
I am a powerful, functional adult at the peak of his life, who demands to be heard!
My voice is a flame that cannot be extinguished!
Give me smoking or give me death!
The fullest extent of the law?
But our extent is pretty full.
We have the death penalty in this state and we're not afraid to use it.
Did they get a description?
I am the Smoking Bandit!
See you in the history books, people.
All I can say is, I wish I had the Smoking Bandit's courage.
He's the Rosa Parks of nicotine.
The Bandit is making my own son defy me even more.
It's pretty ironic.
Oh... well, I'm probably just mis-using the word ironic, as so many people do.
Not if they don't want to get caught, Hank.
The Bandit wants his smoking to be noticed.
That bar has a smoke machine.
Would the Bandit strike there?
Is this some kind of bring a coworker to home day?
Hank, I spit in the concrete, so when I mysteriously disappear, you'll be able to create the perfect neighbor: half-man, half-driveway.
Sure they would, Bill... when there's suddenly enough food to go around!
The point I'm trying to make is, you're fat.
But guys who are as bald as you are, too?
Hey, Nancy has that same blouse.
Normally I'd tell you to go to my blog, but even that's being censored by Hank.
Wait.
Is this a trick?
Bill!
Bill, you have to be the stupidest man on the planet to think this is a good idea!
Have you seen what you're wearing?
That outfit makes you look like a sequined train wreck!
Look at you!
You're part of a twelve-headed Jackass!
This chorus is the feces that is produced when shame eats too much stupidity!
You people make me envy the deaf and the blind!
