Just a moment, Lilith.
Ah, that's better.
How's the hunt for the Owl Lady?
I heard you attempted a raid this morning.
Unsuccessful?
That was obvious enough.
It's been over a month since you promised to bring me the Owl Lady.
Well, where is she?
I'm getting bored of your excuses, Lilith.
Don't worry, I'll give you the time you need.
Bring the Owl Lady to me by twilight.
She'll join the Emperor's Coven and in return, I'll heal her little curse.
But, if you fail... you will be stripped of your rank and banished from my coven.
You do know what happens to covenless witches, don't you?
I will know.
Edalyn Clawthorne, the infamous Owl Lady, the wild witch of Bonesborough.
Mentor of Luz the Human.
You've got it all wrong.
The human is safe, for now.
I just want the portal she came through.
Ugh, pity.
Although I suppose I could ask the human herself.
I will not be healing her.
Don't be so naïve, Lilith.
This is the Titan's will.
All wild witches must be dealt with before the Day of Unity.
You understand, don't you?
Good.
Oh, one more thing.
Destroy the Owl Lady's staff.
She won't be needing it anymore.
Ah, Lilith.
You chose the wrong side.
Ah puh-puh.
I'd actually like to have a word with you, human.
Okay.
I'll play.
What's wrong, human?
I thought you wanted to fight.
Had enough?
I like your spirit.
But try that again and things won't end well for you.
Now I'm just a humble messenger for the Titan.
In the grand scheme of things, the Owl Lady's life is inconsequential.
But then you showed up.
If you want to save your mentor, give me the portal to the human realm.
You probably think we want to invade the human realm, but the Titan's will is not so boarish.
You'll understand soon.
Tick tock, human.
The Owl Lady doesn't have much time left.
The Titan will be pleased.
Go on then.
Go be a hero.
The Titan has told me to spare the Owl Lady's life, but in return, her curse will strip away all her powers.
Let her monstrous form be a lesson about the dangers of wild magic.
Worry not, Kiki.
We'll be keeping an eye on the inhabitants of the Owl House.
In the meantime, the Day of Unity is almost upon us... and we have much work to do.
No, not until I've dealt with this one.
The Draining Spell must work first, like you promised.
Don't worry, Collector, your patience will be rewarded.
The Day of Unity is about to begin.
Thank you, everyone.
Together we are perfecting the Coven System as the Titan intended.
The Day of Unity will be in exactly one month, when the tile is at it's lowest and the moon obscures the sun.
At that time, we will journey to the head of the isles, and there, the worthy shall inherit a utopia free of wild magic.
There is one more thing I'd like to share with you.
I've always hidden my face, out of fear.
But because of your support, I can finally take off this mask.
Thank you, Boiling Isles.
Happy Coven Day, everyone!
Fellow citizens, we are born into chaos.
Our lives anger the Titan.
My own family has been hurt by the darkness of wild magic.
I've been shown the healing light, it shines in nine hues!
The wild witches!
They have found me, run!
You incompetent fool!
You nearly took my head off with that blast.
I'm off to the next town.
Put on a bigger show.
Look at what wild magic has done to your city.
Now imagine what it's doing to you.
A city can rise from the ashes, but a soul...
I can make your magic pure again, as The Titan intended!
Welcome, to your new covens!
Then we still have some work to do.
Gather the Palismen.
I can hear you.
What can I do for you, Collector?
You'll have your fun on the Day of Unity.
Leave.
Now.
Not as long as he stays in the right path.
I say, The Titan has big plans for you, and he does what he's told.
Unlike the previous attempts.
Of course I don't, Collector.
It hurts every time he chooses to betray me.
Knock, knock, human.
Would you like to see how it works, Hunter?
We found every piece of the door.
But without the power of the real key, it refuses to open.
It is.
You know, I've been there before.
Did I ever tell you that?
The trees there are green, the nights are quiet...
I look forward to seeing it again.
Were you spying on me just to hear these boring stories?
Everyone has a use, Hunter.
Kikimora has her intricate little plans, the scouts carry out orders, and you...
well, the Titan has big plans for you, and it would such a hassle to find a replacement.
So, right now, you can be useful by staying safe in the castle.
Good night, Hunter.
Step forward.
The larger your covens grow, the more power we have to unite our realms, where the worthy shall inherit an utopia free of wild magic.
I need more.
Please, be careful.
Our family is gone because of wild magic.
I can't let the same happen to you.
So, you return with nothing.
Is this the thanks I get for taking you in?
These outbursts are painful and so is watching you fail.
I know you can do better, Hunter.
Find me more Palismen.
I can depend on you, right?
I'll do anything to save humanity from evil.
Get away from him!
Danger!
Danger!
Run!
Hello, Hunter.
Hello, Luz.
I was finally able to catch it.
This thing's been a thorn in my side for years.
All these weepy Palismen souls... Their voices constantly nagging me.
But without them, I wouldn't be able to do THIS.
Ah... I'm feeling better already.
Thank you for distracting it.
What a shame!
Out of all the Grimwalkers, you looked the most like him.
I was really expecting him to last longer than the others.
Yes, this has gone on longer than I'd have liked.
But... no one ever said being a witch hunter was easy.
I wouldn't be so judgmental, if I were you.
Please, do me a kindness, and call me by my real name.
It does feel good to hear another human say that name.
I had to change it when Philip was run out of too many towns.
I told you once before, Luzura.
Perhaps... he's... a better version of an old friend.
But, thanks to you, I'll have to make another one.
I'll do anything to save humanity from evil.
Can't reason with crazy.
I just need to live long enough to see this through.
After five years, I have finally found it.
A power source so potent it can pierce through realms... Titan's blood.
There are old tales of lakes reflecting green trees and blue skies.
The Titan's vein runs through the land, and many believe that these wild portals are created when a little of its blood leaks into the water.
That is how I came here, so that is the first place I shall look.
I will journey back to Eclipse Lake.
My journey to Eclipse Lake has been a success, and yet a tragic failure.
The tunnels were filled with a substance known as Fool's Blood.
It signifies a decaying vein.
I was lucky to get out alive, my companions were not.
After careful analysis during this Deadwardian Era, I believe the current human year is 1660.
Or is it '70?
The years are flashing by, but it will all be worth it.
I've gathered all the portal ingredients including Titan's Blood.
All that's left is to seek out the Collector, and he will tell me what I need to complete my mission.
Give that back!
I can't believe this.
When I accomplish my mission, I promise you, you'll have your snails.
Hmph!
That's private.
Here to gawk?
I may not have a bile sac, but I do have dignity.
So, Luzura.
You and your Aunt Dirtrude started travelling together after the Toe-gres attacked your castle and covered it with an impenetrable mist?
Now anyone bring a torch?
Astounding!
I thought I was the only one who used picto-glyphs.
How else could I have survived here?
Took years to find them.
Almost as if the world wanted to hide them from me.
I even found one in a snowflake.
A warrior and a scholar.
Truly impressive.
Line there, curve there... fascinating.
Absolutely fascinating.
Your niece is very talented.
I'm sure she takes after her aunt.
Now, I know a few tricks as well.
A shortcut to The Collector.
I suppose that's why no one wanted to accompany me.
But every legend told me that The Collector lies there.
Behind that door.
I just can't figure out the mechanisms to open it.
If I weren't so frail...
Thank you for your kindness, crab maiden.
Perhaps we were destined to meet.
I needed a sacrifice.
Well, with the beast distracted, I can finally get through those doors.
I was going to say, inevitable.
You two were easier to trick than Blue Fang.
Hopefully you and Aunt Dirtrude can last longer.
Found you.
Oh, I disagree.
It was nice making a cat's-paw out of you.
Good luck with your... crab castle... or... whatever.
You witches come up with the worst lies.
And so I doggedly limped home, but I had my prize.
 How to describe you?
Oval?
Oblong?
A round boy?
Oh, no.
I need this for something else.
I mean, if it's information you want, perhaps we can make an exchange.
I'll probably require another sacrifice sooner or later.
Ugh!
You hateable sorcerers!
Those barbarians.
Those, those... WITCHES!
Astounding!
It doesn't matter.
I just need to live long enough to see this through.
And you're going to help me, Collector.
My journey through the Demon Realm is far from over.
But today I humbly donate my journal to the ages.
If only those at home could see what I have, and perhaps they shall.
For the more I learn about this realm, the more I am certain I can harness its strange powers to return home.
Today I begin recording my journey to create a portal back to the Human Realm.
