Hello, witchlet.
Your father wanted to swing by.
Maybe you could tell him yourself?
Uh, he's just outside.
Yes.
You know, the Clawthorne clan was once known for their Palismen-making skills.
And Dell?
Whoo, he was the best of them all.
Witchlet?
Aren't you going to say hello to your father?
It's been-
Really, Eda?
You won't be able to run away this time.
Does she seriously think I'm buying that?
Oh, what a beautiful little stone.
May I speak with you outside?
Just a minute, hon.
What the heck was that?
I thought you were in the Healing Coven, not the Bauble Brigade.
Keep it at bay?
Oh, no.
My daughter is suffering and I want that thing out!
Cut it out if you have to.
Edalyn, I'm taking you to someone else.
Huh?
Edalyn!
Edalyn, is that you?
Edalyn!
Edalyn!
I will find a way to cure you, Edalyn.
No matter what it takes.
Probably me!
Hello, little witchlet.
Come here.
Oof.
Are we still on that?
I'm your mother.
Call me Mom.
It is so good to see you again.
How are you feeling?
Are you eating well?
I heard all about the Petrification Ceremony.
Trust me, I have a lot of strong words for that Belos.
Oh, hello to you too, sweet flea.
Still dyeing your hair, I see.
Well, it's very sleek.
Now give me a moment with Edalyn, dear.
It's important.
That's right!
Today, I am about to complete a 30-year mission.
Your mother has finally succeeded.
Today, I shall be curing your curse!
But who knows what they put in those nasty concoctions?
Call me Gwen, dear.
But please don't blame Edalyn.
It was the curse that created the rift between us.
Human Realm?
Hmm.
My dear, I may know how to fix both our rifts.
I've heard some information that may assist you on your quest.
Help me cure Eda's curse and that information is yours.
We'll be consulting someone... very special.
Yes, after years of dealing with the Healing Coven, I finally found someone who promised me a cure.
Here we are.
That's Master Wortlop.
He's a traveling curse expert who's perfected next-level healing magic.
It took many months, but I was able to gather the sacred items you requested.
The copper egg from the Snowy Rib Cage, the silver dagger from the Swampy Toes, and the golden chalice from the desert of Palm Stings.
I understand.
I am in your debt, Master Wortlop.
Nice work, Luz.
With Wortlop's tome and your ability to lure Eda out of the house, we'll be curing that curse in no time.
Oh, yes.
But first, I had to prove that I was worthy of his secrets.
So I spent the last year on a bunch of dangerous quests.
And I didn't even get that many scars.
Our signs must've worked.
According to Wortlop's tome, we start by lowering the beast's defenses with special crystals.
And they're supposed to be quite calming.
Oh, no, no, no.
The texts say those feathers mean we're driving the beast out.
Don't worry.
After today, Eda will never have to drink those nasty little things again.
Next, we're gonna put that beast on ice.
It seems like the curse isn't my daughter's only problem.
Yes, I'm sending it right away.
It turns out the ancient tome is only the first
Halt.
Only people who have scaled Wortlop's Pyramid of Study can touch the tome.
You really think I'd spend my life savings on a fake?
Luz, I really thought we were on the same side.
According to Wortlop, poison like this is made by healers and potion makers who simply want money.
I'm afraid that will be a waste of your time.
Hawksley cleared out every bottle hours ago.
Because I am a mother who will do anything for her daughter.
Witchlet, it's okay.
Luz and I are working to heal you.
Don't worry.
According to this, we just have to... Uh... Buy the next volume...
Sweet flea?
That... was my little sweet flea?
This must be part of the process, right?
After everything I did for him
You know, right after Eda was cursed I joined the Beast Keeper Coven.
I thought they surely would know what to do.
But the beast keepers told me the curse couldn't be tamed.
And the Healers told me it couldn't be healed.
Eda told me she found something that made it manageable at least.
But I didn't listen.
And if I ever see you in Bonesborough again, every beast in the forest will be after your HEAD!
Still got it.
Don't worry!
Mama's here.
No, I'm making things right.
My beautiful daughters, I failed you.
Edalyn?
You're in there, aren't you?
I should've listened to you.
I know now why you pushed me away.
I made you think your curse was something to be ashamed of.
Whether we want it or not, it's a part of you.
And I love EVERY part of you.
I'm so sorry.
Witchlet!
And Lilith... you were always so self-sufficient.
But I didn't give you the attention you deserved.
It's okay.
Everything is okay now.
I'm here for you both.
I'm sorry for all the trouble I caused, but I- I just wanted to help.
I should've trusted you more.
Edalyn, Lilith told me how she gave you the curse.
I am so, so sorry to you both, to have this secret weighing you down.
I wish I knew sooner.
We'll be away for a while, but we have plenty of elixirs stocked up!
Luz, if it weren't for you I might still be wrapped up in Wortlop's lies.
So here's what I should've told you from the start.
You're not the only human to have lived in Bonesborough.
There's a rare substance called Titan's blood.
It is extremely powerful and sometimes causes leaks between our realms.
And you guys have a lot of garbage, by the way.
But humans are rare.
My great grandmother told me about a human who once lived here.
But one day he just vanished.
Rumor has it he left something in the library, and if you can find out more about him...
Exactly.
Edalyn, come downstairs please!
That's nice, sweet flea.
Edalyn, help us set up, won't you?
You're going to say that, the night your dad leaves for the mandible?
Dell!
Lillith, call the Healing Coven.
Now!
