You're thinking of a Fiat, Dale.
Well, I wish it were that easy, Boomhauer, but I'll tell you what my truck needs, leadership.
Detroit hasn't felt any real pride since George Bush went to Japan and vomited on their auto executives.
That boy ain't right.
You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs, and you can't get on base without taking a swing.
Don't play lawyer-ball, son.
How is cutting down on pollution a government plot, Dale?
So what?
Dale, you giblet-head, we live in Texas!
It's already 110 in the summer, and if it gets one degree hotter, I'm going to kick your ass!
Mister, I haven't even begun to project my anger onto you!
You're quotin' that twig-boy at me?
I'll give you dialogue that's, not coming from a center of anger.
Please return the garage door to its factory-preset down position.
Please respect, my fence's right to, be a fence.
Now!
You, uh, you're my son, you know, with everything that entails, feelings of fondness and more...
You know what I mean, don't you, boy?
That's a hell of a weird sound, I never made that before...
You're not making this easy on me, boy.
Okay, I love you no matter what you do. 
Let's go get something to eat.
Disappointment?
You make me proud!
I've been disappointed by just about everything else in this town, but you?
Not once.
Damn it, you're my boy.
No need for Bobby to get all bothered up learning about sex when he can't do a damn thing about it anyway, at his age, and with his features.
Ugh!
What kind of filth are you reading?
That is the inside of a womb!
A woman's womb!
Bobby is not going to look at the inside of a womb!
He's only been outside yours for eleven years!
Dale?
Is that you?
Peggy, it's for you.
It's Dale.
Where in the hell are my elbows gonna be that they need to be smooth?
I heard you.
The whole neighborhood can hear you cussin'.
It is if it's a part of the body that was meant to be concealed by an undergarment.
You're dealing with organs that people just don't want to know about.
Sure we do!
Whoa, Bobby, now don't say that!
Well, yes, if you were my daughter, but you're my son.
It's called the double standard, Bobby.
Don't knock it, we got the long end of the stick on that one.
If you'd like to learn more about sexual education, don't!
Nobody likes a know-it-all who sits around talking about their genitalia.
Now, I think you might like this next show, The X-Files.
I always thought it was some kind of porno, on account of the title, but turns out it's all about two young people who don't have sex.
Now, that's entertainment!
I'm gonna sell propane and propane accessories, if my grades are good enough.
I tell you what, we are going to turn those kids into men this weekend.
This trip is about the sacredness of Mother Earth and all she gives us.
So pee now, 'cause once we get on the road, we ain't stopping.
Here are your Silence Sticks.
That's what the white man calls them.
Wematanye calls them Silence Sticks to test your spirit of shutting up.
Look at that one, bouncing around in front of God and everybody.
Would it kill a tree if she wore a bra?
We of the Order of the Straight Arrow call upon the spirit Wematanye, protector of the sacred ground that brings us cool water to drink and energy-efficient clean-burning propane gas for all our sacred heating and cooking needs.
Wematanye says, respect the earth!
She's ours, by God, our taxes pay for Her.
Also, it says here you gotta love all Her creatures.
Let's see, oh, here we go, though we walk through the valley of the shadow of death, you're gonna recommend us to the spirit in the sky, with liberty and justice for all.
Wematanye is with you, and with Texas.
Amen.
Remember, the snipe call is this, woo loo loo, woo loo loo.
There is no Wematanye.
It's just some damn nonsense we made to fill out the weekend.
Tell him, Dale.
When Dale and Bill and Boomhauer and me went through this together as kids, all the tricks and lies from our dads, they were part of the experience.
It brought us all together, you know, us against them.
I tell you what, this family goes through microwaves like other families go through shoes.
What the hell was that?
Luanne, sometimes life throws you a curve ball.
Now there's two ways you can deal with it.
You can cry, and that's the path you've chosen, or you can not cry.
Well, instead of letting it out, try holding it in.
Every time you have a feeling, just stick it into a little pit inside your stomach and never let it out.
Yes.
That's natural.
The body doesn't want to swallow its emotions.
But now you go ahead and put that pain inside your stomach too.
Pass me some more of that cookie dough.
Mmm!
I never knew you could eat it raw.
It's almost as good as ice cream.
Damn, sister, get me my keys!
I did what you couldn't do.
Now, I'm not saying you're not good at what you do, I'm just saying I'm better.
I went in there and fixed her, like fixing a carburetor.
And you know what?
It was fun.
Like fixing a carburetor.
Sure you are!
And Wade's a catch and a half, he can run the forty in under five seconds!
Your heart is telling you?
Who's the boss, you or your heart?
You are!
Your heart is your employee!
So get your heart off its butt and back to work!
You can't compete with this guy.
He's a football player, and football players know how to treat women right.
Wade's a good guy!
You don't know, he runs fast!
What happened to Wade?
Why aren't you with Wade?
I want Wade!
Hell, she's my wife's brother's daughter, you can't get any closer than that!
Lookit, she's crying again.
I guess she just got dumped by her new boyfriend Boomhauer.
I was moving stuff around, and it seems the room looks a little better this way.
Well, I figure there's no sense in packin' it up night after night.
What is a Celery Head?
That's not a joke, son, that's a waste of good glue.
Luanne, good Lord, put on some pants!
Wood and wires?
I've had Betsy since high school.
I took her to the prom.
I love this guitar.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Do you understand what love means?
Now you're getting it.
That's the kind of love I have for Betsy.
Don't even try to take credit for that.
What is that chinging noise?
Why can't Bobby turn all that energy into something positive, like that boy with no legs who ran across Canada?
So Bobby, we got to think of a hero for you.
I sure do, and it's Willie Nelson.
Well, you might say he's been my inspiration.
See, Willie grew up in Texas, and I grew up in Texas.
He loves golfing and playing guitar, I love golfing and playing guitar, he's had trouble with the IRS, and I must have spent six hours last April on that 1040 form, EZ my ass.
Now you take that back!
I've followed that man from Country and Western to Country to Adult Contemporary, and that's as far as I'm going.
That's okay, Bobby, you can do it.
Just choke up on it.
And swing less like a girl.
Nelson, I am so sorry.
My boy is new to golf.
I'm your biggest fan.
I go to every concert I can.
I've been to every Farm Aid except one.
I don't care much for that Bryan Adams.
Oh, I dunno, let's see, crushing Dwight Yoakam's voice box with my five iron?
Son, you're teasing the gorilla in the monkey house.
Out of my way, Rooster Boy!
So, are you Chinese or Japanese?
So, are you Chinese or Japanese?
Lead-free since 1988.
Be careful, Bobby.
That's one of them Chinese fighting dogs.
Yeah, that's it.
Ah, aren't kids great?
They're too young to know about fear or prejudice.
They won't have to learn that till high school.
Ladybird is not a slut!
She is in heat!
Her hormones have overwhelmed her natural modesty.
I don't like him.
it has nothing to do with where he's from.
I'm no redneck.
He could be from Mars for all I care.
I hate the man because he's rude and nasty.
Not because of what his people did to us in WW Two.
What the hell kind of country is this where I can only hate a man if he's white?
Don't talk like that!
The dog is man's best friend.
You wouldn't eat your best friend, would you?
Welcome to the neighborhood, Kahn Souphanousinphone.
There's nothing going on, Peg.
That's the problem.
There's no problem.
It's not something we need to talk about.
Where would you get such an idea?
That's ridiculous.
Anyway, that's not something you should ever know about your father.
Maybe I'm not the one who should be embarrassed.
Did you ever think of that?
Maybe you're going a little too much.
Once every four or five days gives me more free time.
If you wanna spend all your time on the toilet, be my guest.
Would you please stop talking about this?
I don't know you, do I?
I am not eating bacon grease.
Not these things.
Not toilet things.
Finally.
Well, I don't usually keep track of these things, Peggy!
I'm his father.
Now, how could that be?
The Earth is 25,000 miles around.
A piece of steak would have to shoot through your intestines at the speed of sound.
That's impossible.
Do you have anything here that tastes good?
Anyone ever try that on me, I'll kick his ass.
Look, honey, we've gotta talk.
I know you wanna help, but this is getting out of control.
You can't treat a grown man like a baby.
It ain't right.
I feel like I've been trying to be someone else lately.
Eating food I don't eat, and I'm just not gonna do it anymore.
And if I don't ever poop again then that's just gonna be who I am.
I'd rather die with a burger in my colon than live and eat FauxFu.
You might've noticed in tonight's episode, there was some brief nudity.
Now, as an actor, I only do nudity when I feel the script warrants it.
And I thought tonight's episode only warranted seeing the side of my rump.
You can believe me when I tell you the Fox executives were pushing for a whole lot more.
If any of you were offended by my body, I'm truly sorry.
Good night.
Hey, my Dad's invitation to the party got returned.
Grandpa Cotton Hill, Hell, U.
Bobby, why'd you write this?
You know Grandpa lives in Houston.
Peggy, how can you tell Bobby that?
He lost his shins defending Texas in World War Two.
Bobby, if you're gonna fake dial, you gotta hit more than three numbers.
She is not my mother.
Hell, we went to kindergarten together.
This is my new neighbor.
You just don't understand him, Peg.
See, he's a flamboyant character, like a peacock.
That's why men love him.
But women don't like his style because you all are like the pea-hen.
More subdued and drab.
Well, Bobby and I both want him to stay.
So that means you're outvoted.
What are you, turning into some kind of feminist?
Thirty times a day?
Well, she's got a point, but he's a war hero.
She's my wife, but he's got no shins.
Your mother's probably got a better head on her shoulders than anybody in Arlen.
Geez, Bobby, why not compare her to a babboon in the zoo?
Who calls her that?
I don't want you going to Dallas at all!
That place is crawling with crackheads and debutantes.
And half of them play for the Cowboys.
Come on, Peggy, we've got to get to Dallas before the gangs wake up.
I don't like the looks of this one, Peggy.
He's just itching to take my truck for a joy ride.
Peggy married me!
I didn't marry her!
You take that back!
Well, when I close my eyes, I see myself at the mower show.
And you're there, too.
Like some beauty queen of Yore, wearing a fur coat, and a, gold, uh, hat...
Oh, all right, I'll stay.
You're not stupid.
Heck, you're smarter than me!
Well, you're smarter than anyone in Arlen.
Hey, you know, Coach used to say something that would fire us up when we were behind.
LOSER!
YOU'RE A LOSER!
ARE YOU FEELING SORRY FOR YOURSELF?
WELL, YOU SHOULD BE!
YOU ARE DIRT!
YOU MAKE ME SICK, YOU BIG BABY!
BABY WANT A BOTTLE!
A BIG DIRT BOTTLE!
Uh, I'm trying to be your Coach.
Uh, it's, it's inspiring.
Well, it worked for the team.
This grout is supposed to stay white for twenty years.
What's it been, seventeen, eighteen?
Peggy, where's that receipt?
Is this john occupied?
Est esta juan occupado?
Didn't you read this?
Cancer.
Heart disease.
Emphysema.
For God's sake, Bobby, what nationality are you?
Then why are you holding your cigarette like some kind of European Nazi in a movie?
That's not the right sort of attitude for you to have.
Whatever you do, you should do right, even if it's something wrong.
That's quite a story, Enrique.
I like stories.
I like stories about pinatas.
In fact, I like everything you have to say.
What we do is not the point.
I told you not to smoke.
Do I have to take you out back with another carton of cigarettes?
I've got the strangest feeling someone's gonna kick his ass.
Bill, what are you doing here?
Now wait a minute, I didn't let him, I made him!
It was a punishment!
I tell you what you all need, you need to take a thirteenth step, down off your high horse.
Why is she still talking?
I wasn't gonna smoke it, I swear.
We'll smoke it together, you and me.
It'll be romantic, like it used to be in the old days, before he came along!
Bills, Bills, Bills, Why do we keep getting Bill's mail?
My hair is our livelihood.
The advantages of propane don't always sell themselves.
Luanne, I'm thinking about just letting my hair grow.
Men don't do that.
Hey, now, if Ron Reagan dyed his hair, and I'm not saying he did, it was only to show his strength to the Communists.
You're gonna need some chaperones, especially if my Bobby's there.
Hey there, Bobby.
I guess they found a cure for the cooties?
Heh, heh, heh.
Well, when I was a boy, that's what they called the germs you got from girls.
Luanne's right, all you need is practice.
You think Jeff Foxworthy just woke up one morning and took some funny pills?
A dumb party with girls.
Peg, honey, close the screen door.
Hey, Dale, Bill, Boomhauer.
You look better than good.
You look like a weatherman.
Hell, I'm proud of you.
See, Peggy?
Our boy is perfectly normal.
Don't point your finger at me, woman.
You're the one who parks him in front of the TV and makes him watch all them muppets.
They got frogs kissing pigs, what the hell did they think was going to happen?
Just so you know, most states won't let you marry a plastic head.
You're kissing a plastic head, and you're afraid of looking like an idiot?
You're just using this head as a crutch.
What a bitch.
Thatherton!
You know, Mr Holloway, I once had a pair of boots, and then, uh, my Uncle Fess lost his in a tornado.
Yep.
A big Texas-sized twister, I tell you what.
Well, that dang twister sucked his boots right off.
And you can't bury a man in his stocking feet, it's the cowboy code.
So I gave him my boots, and that's the story of what happened to my boots.
I'm only not wearing the hat because of a solemn oath I made to President Lyndon Baines Johnson on the occasion of the birth of his daughter Lynda Bird.
And you were worth every penny.
Look, Bobby, some of the things I told Mr Holloway, the details aren't important.
Holloway is from Boston.
Please, ma'am, I'm trying to carry on a conversation!
Yeah, yeah, I see your rear, very nice.
Hey, there's some people over there that want to look too.
Heck, that's not a Texas drink.
You can't even keep your stereotypes straight!
Why do we do it, Chiffon?
Six figures?
I should be at home helping my boy with his Sunday School report.
I don't want your business, not this way.
You want to go with Thatherton, go.
But one of these days, when your propane mixture's only eighty-nine percent, and you have a smelly condo development full of crying babies whose bottles haven't been properly heated, you give me a call.
My name is Hank Hill, and I sell propane and propane accessories with honor and dignity.
Damn, I've poured my whole life into this lawn.
My heart, my soul, the tender feelings I've held back from my family.
Without my lawn, I am Bill.
Do you want to be married to Bill?
This is exactly what those environmentalists should be spending their time on, finding ways to use nature against other forms of nature that are inconvenient to man.
Okay, ants, put your heads between your six legs and kiss your butt goodbye!
You sacrificed your life to save my son.
I guess that makes us even for you ruining my lawn.
You're alive!
I especially want to thank Dale Gribble.
Without his paranoid and, well, hateful nature, I never would have learned what kind of beating a friendship can survive.
You're my best friend, Dale.
Heh, heh, heh.
Yeah, well, Heh.
Bobby!
Way to kill ducks!
He must've killed a thousand ducks.
Do you know how long I've been waiting for you to ask me that?
Goodbye!
Do you hang out here all day waiting for someone to miss?
That's right.
They kill people.
Most deaths in the home are from guns and gun accessories.
Dale, that's straight out of the NRA Magazine August issue.
I can't believe you guys.
Dale, the NRA is a Washington D.
-based organization.
Are you telling me you support Washington D.
I can't shoot, 
My aim is terrible, I can barely keep the gun steady.
All right, here's the deal.
I don't believe in that gobbledygook about a subconscious or any other witchcraft.
I won't take pills, I won't let you hypnotize or molest me.
Six a.
and already the boy ain't right.
Nine iron.
A man came by from the Shiney Pines trailer park, and he said you still got a trailer there.
But it's still there.
Luanne, let me try to explain.
I have a beer can.
I tip it over.
Now, is it still there?
Sometimes you gotta stop vomiting in the baby bird's mouth and kick her out of the nest.
Well, when isn't she crying?
She cries at weddings, she cries at funerals, there's no rhyme or reason to it.
I've got plenty of emotions.
I was afraid she was going to hug me, I was worried she wouldn't leave, and I was happy when it was over.
Oh, really?
Well, speaking of hell, if I wasn't so in control of my emotions, I'd be inclined to say that's the sort of place you should consider making a visit towards!
In case I'm incapacitated for any reason, do you know how to revive a man's heart with a downed power line?
Well, there's really no wrong way to do it.
You're right, I'm sorry.
Of all the army barbers I know, you're the bravest.
Bill, please...
All right, Sergeant Dauterive.
What did I do to deserve this?
I didn't mean to curse my wife to hell!
Not my underwear.
Not my underwear.
We don't fish for the fish.
Ninety percent of what I like about this sport, and it is a sport, is sitting in the boat doing nothing.
And the icing on the cake is when God smiles on you and you hook one.
And then when you're reeling it in, everything else falls away.
You don't think about taxes or traffic or that pushy gal that's trying to get into the Citadel or who's going to take care of you when your mother and I are old and incapacitated.
All there is is a man, a rod, a lake and a fish.
And it all starts with a hand-dug American worm.
Rights?
 This better not be one of them Carter appointee judges.
Aaaah!
Keep your legs below your waist, for God's sakes!
Are you Jack?
Well, now, this is the dangdest thing.
This is the same fish I just threw back.
That's it!
I'm going fishing!
Come on, take the bait, you know you want it.
Dale, what are you doing here?
What?
Maybe I ought to tie that long hair on your head to the short hair on your ass and kick you down the street!
I told you, I am not a doper!
Not my president, I voted for Dole.
Only thing he's on is painkillers, and he earned it.
Dale, you giblet-head, if you were going to cheat, why did you buy a frozen bass?
I'm not cheating, Dale.
Using cheater bait was cheating.
Really?
What do you suppose it'd be worth to my people?
What's hemp?
Typical government over-regulation.
Why wouldn't they legalize it?
Boomhauer, I didn't understand a word you just said.
Damn legalese.
What I'm about to say goes against everything I believe, but you played dirty and you leave me no choice.
You are sued, mister.
You're all witnesses.
And you're all being sued too.
You're the witness to that.
That's not what I'm thinking at all.
I'm thinking about, cheese logs.
I was just mad that you were spending all your time with that guy, and I wanted you to spend it with me.
Jealousy had nothing to do with it.
Are you talking about a fat kid's store?
It's a different kind of clothing store.
Oh, sure.
Some are a lot bigger than others.
Why are you encouraging Bobby?
I'm trying to contain an outbreak, and you're driving the monkey to the airport!
What's the harm?
Peggy, kids always victimize the one who's different.
Believe me, I know, 
Hey, fatty, you are fat!
You know very well I watch TV.
I'm not saying Bobby shouldn't be proud, I'm just saying he should keep it to himself.
And if that means one day he winds up on Oprah with nothing to say, then so be it.
Tell you what, if you play some catch with your old man, I'll buy you that album you want by those guys I hate.
My God, Peggy, I feel like I've died and gone to New York.
Bobby, I know you're probably pretty upset with me right now, but one day you'll understand how much love it takes to crush a little boy's dream.
I'm in a crisis situation here.
I've got to go find Bobby, you two take turns kicking each other's asses.
Yeah, yeah, we both saw that after-school special, but I'm not an alcoholic and you're not an ice skater.
Well, I just know something about human nature, son.
If you put teenagers and husky boys and doughnuts all in the same place, you're just asking for trouble.
How is a dalmatian scary?
Where are the vampires and monsters and ghosts?
I don't even know what these things are.
Eatwells?
Sugar-free low-fat fun bars?
Peggy, these aren't for trick-or-treaters, they're for diabetics.
Luanne, just when I think you've said the stupidest thing ever, you keep talking.
Junie Harper says, Junie Harper says, last time I checked, it wasn't Junie Harper's face in the stained-glass window at Arlen First Methodist.
Bobby, that attitude is a little immature.
Get out of my house.
Exodus.
I came very close to spitting out beer.
You'll get candy!
Okay, you're joking.
Well, I've got a sense of humor.
I laugh at Tony Danza.
Now, hold on a minute, let's see, they give you kids guns and let you shoot at each other?
Yeah, okay.
I am a finely tuned ex-high school athlete.
I spent four years holding guys like you upside down over toilets.
What do you say, you want to teach some punks a little respect?
All right, men, let's paint some ass!
This is no time to go easy on these punks.
That's the mistake their parents made.
The word is roadie, Bobby, he meant roadie.
At least I hope to God.
You were right, Bill, teenagers are cruel.
They'll pick on the slowest, heaviest, well, the important thing is you were right, Bill.
I think you're gonna enjoy the world of acoustics.
He's stompin' it good.
There sure is, Pops, there sure is.
Son, Al Yankovich blew his brains out in the late '80s after people stopped buying his records.
He's not worth getting into trouble over.
Kahn, what are you doing?
Mowing the lawn is a privilege, not a punishment.
You know, it's that kind of permissive parenting that forfeited your country to the Communists.
Randy, have you seen Bobby and Joseph and that Kahn Jr.
We're gonna tan their hides.
Dale, why don't you go tell Peggy and Minh we're here so they don't worry.
I need to get my bearings.
I like it.
It sounds clean.
We need more good euphemisms like that in this country.
So tell me, where'd you hit your first pa son pate?
Boomhauer, I can't understand a word you're saying!
Must be the echo!
She said gentleman friend.
I didn't know it was the same thing.
He doesn't seem too funny.
Seinfeld's funnier than Garry.
I thought my mom had learned her lesson when she had the good sense to dump my dad.
But now she's found another guy to treat her like a bellboy.
I saw Mom and Garry in the throes of, activity.
I'm not gonna be blind forever, you know.
And the second I see some ass, I'm kicking it.
Dad, I gotta take your shoulder here.
A sports team?
Way to go, boy!
Wrestling's a damn fine sport.
Hell, it's an Olympic sport!
And this is offered through the school, isn't it?
Not some guy in a van with a camcorder?
Well, that's just it, Peggy, I don't think we have to worry about that anymore.
It's all well and good to talk about equal rights until some man loses his job.
How is that equal?
I thought you were busy teaching girls to blow up basketballs.
When did this turn into a desire to ruin wrestling?
Yes, and that woman's name was Earl Warren.
Son, I know everyone's been filling your head with crazy stuff, but I just want you to know this, Connie killed your frog.
Look at him explode!
That's my boy!
Good news, Buck.
We can get propane to the nursing homes by diverting it away from the Museum of Modern Art.
If anyone asks, it was a tough choice.
He has the nerve to give me flex time.
That's what they give pregnant women and other disableds.
It's a meter that tells the boss when the driver stops and for how long.
It's designed to prevent goof-offs, lunch breaks, unscheduled stops, all the things the drivers' union fought so hard for.
Well, it had better be self cleaning, because I think I'm gonna vomit.
I've been taking a long hard look at the propane business, and it's kind of like seeing a woman with her makeup off.
Bobby!
Bobby, get out here, boy!
I'm leaving the propane business and opening a general store!
General stores are Ma and Pa.
 If you're not there, people are gonna make assumptions, like Did Pa kill Ma?
 They aren't gonna want to buy batteries from me if they think you're back in the freezer hanging from a meat hook.
Am I wrong?
The terrible truth is that America, the best country in the history of the world, no longer makes television sets.
If I let this one fall apart, I let a piece of America die.
Bobby, go to your room.
People are still talking about Super Bowl 23, Boomhauer's dip was so thick, the chips were snapping like Joe Theisman's birdy leg.
You're pretty good with those.
I'm the assistant manager of this theater.
I sell popcorn and popcorn accessories.
By never forgetting this lesson, sneaking into the movies is wrong.
As wrong as spilling juice on a new carpet.
I've got a better idea.
You sit here.
Me, Dale, Boomhauer and Bobby will sit here.
We'll do a zone defense around the chips.
He doesn't have that kind of quickness, Peggy, not anymore.
As soon as I'm finished turning beer into water, I'll join you in the garage.
What?
He crashed a truck?
You will feel my wrath!
Ha ha ha ha ha!
I didn't say that exactly.
I said I was going to watch the game, but it could end early due to injuries, or, uh, a terrorist attack!
Suffering is a part of every religion, Peggy.
What the hell is going on?
Luanne, no!
Don't get in the car!
Yes, I have come!
Bobby, if you give a Valentine to a sixth-grade boy, girls are gonna think you're sensitive.
And something like that can follow you the rest of your life.
That's not really true at all, in fact.
Huh?
No, I don't think that follows at all, Luanne.
The old high school, huh?
Boy, I haven't been there since, let's see, the season ended, what, two months? , yep, two months ago.
Curiosity killed the cat, Dale.
I don't know.
I used up all my good material winning Peggy over the first time.
Excuse me, sir, I don't mean to criticize your lesson plan, but do you have a lesson plan?
Look, there's something we haven't told you, Bobby, but maybe now's the time.
You see, show business is inherently evil.
I know, but it's time for some tough love.
Bobby, comedians are show-offs.
Sit down, son!
They're not laughing with you, they're laughing at me!
You have no manners.
It's obvious your mother didn't raise you right.
First of all, my mother is not overweight.
She weighs one hundred and twenty pounds, which is perfectly normal for a woman her age.
I don't think you've even met my mother.
If you want to pick on someone, at least have the courage to pick on me.
And then he said my mother was so large, her stretch marks have names.
Not by half.
Now, see here, Thomas Jefferson was a founding father!
He designed and built his own house!
Boomhauer, where'd everybody go?
What?
They took Bobby to Snapz?
If you're looking for a real job, you ought to consider a career in propane.
You know, this whole humor fad is pretty much on the way out.
Well, your mother is so ugly, it affects her self-esteem.
Hello, I'm Hank Hill.
Tonight's episode of King of the Hill dealt with racial stereotypes, particularly the myth that white people do not have butts.
Thank you, Roger.
Uh, thank you.
Uh, thanks.
Cut to The X-Files!
Now!
Well, sure, there are some pros, it's a good deal, and I guess there's nothing tying us to the house now that we've got automatic sprinklers.
But then there are the cons.
The biggest one being, well, Kahn.
Yes, Bill, I love Kahn.
Maybe if this trip works out, I'll marry him and live in Mexico forever.
Is that what you want to hear?
Well, millions of people come to America in search of a better life, and we've decided we don't need that many.
No, Bobby, Kahn applied the legal way.
Sometimes the system fails us.
Pretty good job, Kahn.
I've never heard that song with only one note before.
What if they find Kahn?
Distilled water?
Oh, God, I can't go while people watch!
America is my country and I love her.
I wouldn't enter her in any way that's unnatural.
Very funny, Kahn.
These are my personal private undergarments!
Now the whole neighborhood knows I wear them!
I always bring back my tapes.
Look for yourself, I've returned The Great Santini twenty-three times.
Bobby, you ever heard of a movie called Cuffs and Collars?
So have you seen it?
Who is calling me a liar, you or the machine?
'Cause I need to know whose ass to kick.
Fine.
Where's the ass on this thing?
How could they think I'd rent a stag film, Peggy?
I'm married!
It's important that you believe me when I say I didn't rent the tape.
Don't worry, Bill, I'm not going to let my credit and good name be done in by a damn computer error.
Dale, I'm having a problem with one videotape, not some high-tech boogyman.
I am not a quitter.
Is it possible that I walked into Arlen Video on June twenty-third and rented a movie that didn't even exist?
I think not!
Thank you, your honor!
I know what's best for my dad.
Yeah, Leanne's bad news.
Peggy's brother was all set to marry a pretty pharmacist gal until Leanne entertained at his bachelor party.
So he marries Leanne, and after eighteen years of drunken hell she stabs him with a fork.
You don't have to be embarrassed about your feet, Bill, it's just a medical condition.
How's the job search going?
Dangit, at this rate, my new work bench is never gonna get used.
Aaaghh!
Leanne's first husband is working on an offshore oil rig in the gulf, and he swears he's coming ashore until I fax him her death certificate.
Now what makes you think you can do any better?
Then why did she hit you?
What happened to your eye, Bill?
You can't just let her steal your truck, Bill, you've gotta call the police.
Harrington, you seem to have a few gaps here in your work history.
Well, she's more qualified than any other applicant, but that only takes us so far.
I mean, what are we going to talk about?
Our feelings?
Leon's perfect, Peggy.
He's like Bobby without all that stuff Bobby does.
Peggy, she's gone, I'll never see her again.
Eight o'clock.
Well, that sure is a long story.
Bobby, how would you like to help me out around the shop for a few days?
I can't pay you, but you can have all the snacks you want.
We've got fruit pies, pretzels, all kinds of Newtons...
Now Bobby, Leon's a little slow on the draw, but that doesn't mean he's on drugs.
Just hold on here, Leon's credentials are top-notch, even if they are from the non-profit sector.
Six months at Helping Hands Institute, one year at Covenant Place.
Centers?
No, look right here.
Institute.
 Place.
Are you sure you don't want to shoot me?
Customer.
Jason, can you get that?
Joe Jack, can you get that customer?
Melinda, a little help please?
Debbie's got the yuppie flu, and Hector claims he has something called priapism.
He wants a roomier work station and a view of Debbie.
That's right, Anthony.
You see, I recently came to realize that I, too, suffer from a disability.
It's called G.
, Good Worker Syndrome.
I get sick to my stomach unless everyone around me is giving a hundred and ten percent.
The symptoms include pride, responsibility, and a feverish enthusiasm.
It used to be a common condition among Americans.
That's going too far.
I cannot accommodate that.
I won't.
Probation?
Bobby, I know we've never talked about this, but someday I'm going to die.
And when that happens, then you can go to cooking school.
Nice hustle, son.
You hear that, Bobby?
Now, that is a good attitude.
So if I understand you correctly, you're saying you'll teach my boy the value of a dollar.
That sounds fine, thanks.
Yep.
You can say yep too, Bobby, you've earned it.
Bobby, if you weren't my son, I'd hug you.
That's crazy!
Why would you do that?
Bobby, you worked harder this month than any guy on this block, and I want to give you the money you earned.
What?
Well, how come nobody ever noticed this before?
It is called Attention Deficit Disorder.
Maybe the boy's not getting enough attention.
Now, I know we've talked a lot about how you should never do drugs, but from now on you'll be taking medication after every meal.
It's a pill, Bobby.
He has A.
, Luanne, he wasn't hit on the head with a coconut.
Yep.
It's one of my most precious possessions.
Not anything.
You can't kill a man.
Then you'd go to prison.
And with that attitude, they'd put you in the hole.
Peggy's just not like you, I guess.
You devoted your whole life to raising me, and let's be honest, you loved every second of it.
Wait, I remember one year you had a yellow car.
Do you know where I can find 4D batteries for my flashlight?
This is Aisle 30.
Stop guessing!
Either you know or you don't know!
No, but for pennies more, you get the same products with Strickland service.
Several hundred.
I hugged you!
I know we can never compete with Mega Lo Mart's prices, but I thought we could get a spokesperson, the way Mega Lo Mart cashes in on Chuck Mangione's star power.
Now, I've been doing some research on this Zamfir fella, and turns out he's sold more albums worldwide than the Beatles.
His music's better too.
You're firing me?
What exactly are we selling?
What's in the box?
Oh, god, we're not selling steak knives, are we?
British Thermal Unit.
I think you've picked up the wrong book there, Luanne.
That one's about propane.
That's a neat idea, Luanne.
And while you're at it, you can fly around the world in a weather balloon.
Mega Lo Mart?
Why don't you just go to down to Hell and work for the devil?
How can such a good cop become such a bad priest?
I'm trying, Peggy.
I do, son, I do indeed.
That's right.
Bobby, of course I am!
The only Main Street you can find nowadays is in Disneyland, and just try buying a gun there.
We will be disrupting a Chuck Mangione concert with kazoos.
Because they're portable, they're annoying, and Megalomart has them for three dollars a case.
What about Buckley?
Did you find him?
No damage, no scratches, no dents, no dings.
Bobby, what do you say we go hit the batting cages?
Well, that's the good thing about death, you either die or you don't.
I didn't, so let's hit some balls!
I'm fine!
It's no big deal!
Buildings explode, that's what they do.
Uh, right, sir.
I may be a little late, I don't know if I gave Megalomart my notice.
I had nothing to do with that explosion, which hasn't affected me in any way.
A grill?
Is it propane?
I did not blow up the Mega Lo Mart!
A boy your age should be worring about getting dates, and making a team, and, well, getting dates.
My death should be at the bottom of the list.
Did I ever tell you the story about the man and the tiger?
Well, there was this man, and he was being chased by a ferocious tiger.
No, make that a lion.
A Detroit Lion!
Two of 'em.
And the man was Cowboy Hall of Famer Roger Staubach.
Yeah, well, anyway, the Lions were blitzing and Roger rolled out of the pocket, running for his life.
He headed for the sidelines, but these two Lions were closing in on him.
Then, out of the corner of his eye, he saw a strawberry, cup of Gatorade.
Well, Roger took a sip of that Gatorade, but I tell you something, son, it was the sweetest sip of Gatorade Roger ever had.
There's nothing wrong.
It's good news.
Your aunt had her headache cured by John Redcorn.
Stop that!
Put your face back before somebody sees you!
How could you not know?
I mean, look at Joseph, where do you think he came from?
Dale, Of course you do, and I appreciate the lie, but Peggy's just being nice to you.
But you're a good friend for wanting to tell me.
Dale, if the shoe were on the other foot, would you want to know?
I know.
All right, then.
Why would somebody leave a couch behind my house?
Bobby has a girlfriend?
Well, all right, son!
She's real, right?
I mean, she's not imaginary or on a cereal box?
Bobby, vegetarians can't be trusted.
Just last week we caught one siphoning gas out of a company truck.
Bobby, I know it's not good when a girl breaks your heart.
It's only natural to be sad.
But the couch is a happy place.
Look at it this way, Bobby, tonight you're going out on a date with your parents.
We know how much you like going out with people older than you are.
If you leave, she wins.
And dating's all about who wins and who loses.
Donna said that?
Ladybird Hill, you're beautiful.
Luanne, take off her underwear.
But, That, that's impossible!
Hey, you want it done quick, or you want it done right?
They're using this experimental fertility drug.
I figure if it's safe enough for humans in France, it's probably safe enough for dogs in America.
She's gonna dehydrate in there.
Between this sun and the incredible airtight construction of an American-made truck, I'd say she's got about five minutes.
What are you talking about?
Of course not, why would I?
That's crazy!
I didn't do that thermometer stuff with you because, you know, where's the romance?
With Ladybird, it doesn't matter.
She's just a dog, she's not my wife.
You're my wife.
No, you don't!
I'm sure you didn't hurt him.
I should know, I got spanked plenty in school.
Better than fine!
And back then, they even used a paddle called Old Spanky.
It was a piece of hickory about yea big, and it had holes drilled in it to cut down on wind resistance, and a little pine tar on the handle for no-slip grip.
Heh.
Good ol' Spanky.
I miss voting for that man.
Dale, you with your guard down is my biggest fear.
Why not?
There are still plenty of deer out there.
I caught one picking through my garbage like this was New York City.
Well, of course.
There's too many deer and not enough food.
Issue more permits or they'll all starve.
You're telling me my boy can't go on his first hunt because you wouldn't let a bunch of twig-boys starve?
Forget number 6, you're now serving nonsense.
This isn't hunting.
It's shooting fish in a barrel.
You know, there's plenty of worse things than getting to hold on to your boyhood for another year.
Yeah, you did, uh, and it's a good clean kill.
A good kill.
He's just gonna poke and prod my naked nethers.
No thank you.
Aaahh!
Busy!
Occupied!
Okay.
Do you have Popular Mechanics?
Dad, please, there's a child present.
This isn't because you're not good enough.
You're great.
And two of you will be twice as great.
Believe me, Bobby, you're not the one who should be worried about looking like a failure.
You're not in competition with anybody.
Luanne, how did things go at the police station?
Have any of you seen an old man about yea high, possibly shouting obscenities?
I never get brunch.
What's going on?
That thing attacked me!
That's not what my niece paid for!
Is it?
Luanne, you and I have a secret which we must take to our graves.
Of course not.
I thought I could have a morning without hearing about the dolphin, but I guess I was wrong.
So what is it?
What's your damn dolphin joke?
Did you report 'em?
Luanne, that's crazy.
Luanne, please!
Now wait a minute, It was the dolphin.
He attacked me.
No, it was more than that.
He, you remember in that movie on Lifetime, what Gregory Harrison did to Valerie Bertinelli?
I thought ignoring it would make it go away, but it just made it worse.
For everyone.
I've never said this about anything before, but it feels good to talk about it.
It's a mammal, Peggy.
That's enough talking about it for today.
I don't know what I'm gonna do, but it starts with not lying about what happened.
It's the dolphin who should be ashamed.
Well, what'd you do?
I want to make sure no one ever has to go through what I went through, except a female dolphin.
You think you can touch anyone when you want, where you want?
You think it's okay because no one says it's not?
You're welcome, Luanne.
I don't think so.
That's not necessary.
Luanne, give me the tape.
You see, Peggy, that's what you call a loaded question.
No matter how I answer, there's a bullet in every chamber designed to blow my brains out.
Okay, Bill, I'll take over from here.
Not for many, many years.
Your aunt has always had a lot of confidence about her looks, which is good.
But now she's got herself in kind of a bind.
She's either got to admit to herself that she can't win the truck, and quit, or stay in the pageant and, well, probably lose.
Either way, it's going to hurt.
I figured since you were only doing this for the truck, I'd save you the trouble.
No, I painted my old one.
Yeah, but she was before.
Look at your average pickup truck.
With airbags and vanity mirrors, it's one focus group away from turning into a powder room.
Dad, you came last year!
This year it's Mom's turn, remember?
Dad, could you at least show Mom some respect while Bobby's in the room?
Mom knows how it is with Dad.
And there were six dropped passes!
All Troy can do is get it there!
Dad, I am not a pump jockey!
Why would we need our seats warmed?
That's what pants are for!
Right, Boomhauer?
The seat warmer's doing more than heating Boomhauer's can.
It's also heating up his can of beer!
My mower is not too old and my Mom was not too old.
But this isn't about my Mom and it certainly isn't about my mower.
It's about a bitter old man who blames everybody but himself for his own problems.
And if you ever talk like that again about my Mom or my mower, you're not welcome in my house.
So, meeting a woman on the Internet!
How do you like that!
Isn't that pronounced Thibodeaux?
Yeah, that was your decision, you've gotta live with it.
Now you're just trying to make me mad.
I'm taking away your suitcase of props.
Why you do a lot of things is a mystery to me.
Luanne, I thought you were smarter than this.
I did!
Aaaahh!
Aaaahh!
You're going to have to marry Luanne.
Well, just think, you can be married for eighty years.
Yes I can, Bobby, you're only twelve years old.
Bill, these aren't for Lenore, are they?
Bill, you've gotta face the facts, she's not, I mean, it's very unlikely, well, you never know, freakish things do happen.
He's just suicidal, Peggy, he's not crazy.
Come on, Bill, how about a beer?
Don't go blaming the beer.
Silk is for pantyhose, Bill.
You feel okay?
Great!
I knew you'd snap out of it!
Uh-uh, this is too much.
In high school you blocked for me, but I did my job too.
I ran through the hole, setting Arlen High School's single-season rushing record, as you recall.
But here I am blocking for you, and you're not even trying!
I don't even know what game you're playing, some kind of crazy tennis!
We should treat all our clients like big fish, Mr Strickland.
Bill, I am Lenore and I don't love you.
I've left you forever because you're lazy and no good.
We fight so loud, all the neighbors can hear.
We fight during the day, we fight during the night.
Bill, if I wanted to work things out, I would have called.
I don't love you any more, that's it.
I don't love you.
And hard.
Yep.
The wind's at your back, buddy.
Merry Christmas.
Luanne can't be a fireman.
What if a very large man was trapped in a burning building and she had to carry him out?
And it'll match your ass when I'm done kicking it!
Yeah, man, I tell you what, man, dang ol' boy ain't right, man, talkin' 'bout kick your ass, man.
Okay, I could use a beer.
Bobby looks pretty good in that uniform.
Think the Cougars have a chance this year?
Boys, the Welton Wolves have already left their mark on this bridge.
Now, what does a cougar do when a wolf comes into his neck of the woods?
Yeah, that's where I was gonna end up.
Settle down, Bobby.
That's the kind of attitude that drove Mark Gastineau into boxing.
Bobby, I never thought I'd need to tell you this, but I would be a bad parent if I didn't.
Soccer was invented by European ladies to keep them busy while their husbands did the cooking.
I don't hate you, Bobby.
Oh, yeah, I hate soccer.
Yes.
That was good strategy, bringing Joseph back.
Stick with it and you could make a good coach someday.
Uh, yeah, okay.
New York style deli?
 They think that's a selling point?
Stuffed kishkes?
 Krep-latch?
Tongue?
 They're trying to feed us all the animal parts they're supposed to throw away!
What's it gonna be, doctor?
Whirlpool?
Deep-heat massage?
Or are you just gonna tell my son to play through the pain, because I'll support that.
At least Peggy's excited about it.
She's thinking of putting on earrings.
I specifically asked Bill not to give him that hat.
You can have all the free expression you want, within the law.
And in the State of Texas, there's a law against defaming beef.
I don't need a promotion.
As assistant manager of Strickland Propane, I'm already at the top.
Dale, are you posting our conversations on the Internet again?
Peggy, is it my fault he makes people hate him?
I don't whisper in his ear every morning, Be a jerk.
That comes from within.
Kahn, I love propane through and through, but okay, I'll give you this, your old job was something else, okay?
Now go home.
In the trunk?
Well, if you need any help installing it in the dash, let me know.
Why?
Who's going to want to ride in the trunk?
You got me there, Kahn.
My trunk is not like a movie star trunk.
It's more of a family man trunk.
You painted clouds?
I don't like magicians.
Don't trust 'em.
Shame on him!
Any theories?
About the magic trick, Dale.
My wife does not have a twin.
If you ask me, you've got too much imagination.
Everything's all loop-de-loops and flibbertigibbets.
That's right.
Well, your mother kicked me in the shins, I kicked her back, and, well, that's pretty much it.
Sure it does.
You see, I was mad, your mom was madder, and, uh, oh, heck, I guess it doesn't make any sense, but I guess it doesn't have to.
There are some things you just can't explain.
I hate miniatures, I always have.
Mom only took them out when she was going into a funk.
Like when I was between ten and fourteen.
You just met me.
That's a nice-looking seal.
Mom, that fella asked you to show him your high beams.
Do you even know what he meant?
Which one is Delia?
I could commit you like that.
Damn those stupid miniatures!
They're gonna get her killed!
What's that supposed to mean?
Well, maybe, when her marriage to my dad was breaking up, but, so this glass crap really helped her out, huh?
I guess I owe someone an apology.
Everybody stay calm.
We just experienced severe tire damage.
You're not touching my mower ever again.
You left it out in the street where any weirdo could just brush up against it.
That's today's paper, Dale.
Dale, there are no robots and there are no Cubans.
Dale, if I could do it again, I'd, hey, what the heck is that?
I am too your friend.
I'm as good a friend as a weirdo like you is ever going to have.
I'm fine, Dale, but if you're serious about the propane, I've got some pamphlets...
Well, that or spray me with poisonous chemicals.
I thought you'd kill yourself right after.
I say that in private, Bobby.
Yep.
I'm giving him a A minus.
Good thinking, son.
That's not funny, Bobby.
Sweet Jethro Pugh!
All his dreams from now on are gonna be about leaving.
And then some high school guidance counsellor is gonna tell him to follow his dreams.
Then how will he end up?
A fruit pie salesman with a whoopie cushion living in Wichita Falls.
We used to make movies all the time.
Dale, you practically slept with that little camcorder.
I sure do, son.
Just imagine what it'll be like.
We'll go get autographs, and Troy Aikman will toss the ball around with you.
I wish I had Dandy Don Meredith or Roger Staubach throwing me passes when I was your age.
Even Craig Morton would have been okay.
I love you, Bobby.
Uh, nothing.
Hey, look, a bird!
So I guess this means you'll be leaving us when you grow up.
Yeah.
And even after you leave, Wichita Falls is only six hours away.
Ugh!
Well, as long as it's not Wichita Falls.
I told you to stop sending my dad The Gribble Report.
Sorry, Bobby, but I guess we're just gonna have to murder somebody if we want your mom's attention.
Smuggling cocaine?
That's got to be illegal.
No, your ass is mine, because we've got a plan.
Sure we do!
It's a terrific plan.
We discarded two perfectly good plans when we came up with this great one.
Peggy, I made that up.
Peggy, I, how are you fixed for quarters?
No, that's not what I meant to say.
Look, you said the other day you've never had a positive impact on anybody's life.
Well, I want you to know that you have.
I'd hate to think where Bobby, Luanne and I would be without you.
So I guess it's this convict's word against my wife's.
Now, let's see, who can we trust?
Peggy, have you ever decapitated anyone?
Bill, remember when we got you to brush your teeth by saying you didn't know how?
Yes, it will!
Kahn, me and the guys were just thinking...
The angel part, sure, but the whole not crying thing, I like that.
I like that a lot.
She's probably just stressed out, Peggy, but if this helps her, let her think anything she wants.
She sees Buckley's Angel, Nolan Ryan saw his arm as a rocket launcher and the catcher's mitt as Saddam Hussein.
I can't believe I didn't think of this before.
It's like she has a boyfriend I never have to meet.
Dear Buckley's Angel, find me a woman, any woman.
Love, Bill F.
De La T.
Dauterive.
There is no Buckley's Angel!
There was barely a Buckley!
That greaseball couldn't even find a hammer in the Megalomart, how could he possibly find you a woman?
Bevaqua?
Any relation to former Texas Rangers third baseman Kurt Bevaqua?
Thatherton!
But I told them that we don't have any room.
Let's walk this next batter, set up the double play.
No, it's not good strategy.
Walk this gal and pitch to the one with the ridiculous implants.
Everybody wants to be a superstar now.
Nobody wants to be a team player.
You know, when the Coach wanted Mickey Mantle to take the pitch, and he wasn't too hung over to see the sign, he took the pitch, I tell you what.
Okay, here's your problem, you need to tuck your elbow in more and release earlier in your windmill.
Don't think.
Thinking leads to over-thinking.
We're playing Thatherton's team today, Luanne.
Be careful, he'll use every trick in the book to mess with the catcher, including the use of off-color language.
Peggy, he was using an aluminum bat.
Now, this is not my award-winning History of Propane slide show, but it's the next best thing, my marriage to Mrs Peggy Hill.
I call it Twenty Years of Outstanding Service.
Here we see the early years, when our first home was an efficiency apartment.
Although it would have been more efficient if it was heated with propane.
Yep. Cause it converted into a couch.
Bobby's head pretty much regained its shape, and Peggy pretty much regained her shape too.
Heh-heh.
Seriously, this is the day Bobby was born.
Here's Peggy and me whooping it up at the Young Gassers' Ball.
Is this Hank and Peggy Hill twenty years from now?
I hope so, because I wouldn't want it any other way.
Here's to twenty more years of outstanding service.
That couple just grew up and realized that there was too much competition among existing steak sauces.
We did ourselves a favor by abandoning those dreams.
What was that?
I couldn't give them to you, Peggy.
It's my fault.
I have a narrow urethra, yes I do.
This is my urethra.
Nothing.
I ran the 40 in 5.
9 seconds, but my fellas haven't reached the end zone in twelve years.
Oh, my God, I can see Strickland Propane from here.
It's beautiful.
Peggy, you were right, it's amazing!
It's like selling a million grills all at the same time.
With extended warranties.
I think my wife, I think, might be dead.
I'll be right back.
Dad, Hank is my name.
You can't take away a grown man's name.
Dad, this isn't right.
If you call him Good Hank, it makes it sound like I'm Bad Hank.
Maybe it would do us all some good if you got away for a while.
How would you like a few days at the Motel Arlen?
My treat.
All right, 6.
Well, you know, Helen Keller was largely useless, but look how we remember her, first lady of the American stage.
Oh, come on, Peggy.
So I was right.
That's not important now.
I said that fraud used to be six foot four.
When he came back from the Pacific, he was five foot even.
A Japanese machine gun blew away his shins.
The doctor said he'd never walk again.
Eighteen months later, my father walked right over to that doctor, reached up, and punched him in the kidneys.
Now, I can't prove what he did at those battles.
In fact, I'm not even sure if the part about hitting the doctor is true.
But I do know this, my father doesn't have shins, and somehow he walks.
And that's pretty heroic to me.
And that's what I was muttering.
What?
The Sports Jock, maybe, but Chad?
Come on, isn't anyone gonna say what we all better be thinking?
That's right, Dale!
Chairman, I would like to respectfully submit that you put an asterisk next to Ricky Suggs's name in the record book.
And that asterisk should read, this record was attained through the use of fraud and bad sportsmanship.
Hey, how about the time we snuck into the stadium and mowed the whole field before the groundskeeper could?
The look on his face right before we apologized!
You were a changed man when you came back.
Well, you got that exchange student who kicks barefoot.
I think we've all had enough of that.
Come on, Bill, you're on the football team.
We're still in scoring position.
If Arlen High gets the ball again, you can get the record back.
No sir, you the man!
That's okay.
Just don't look down at your leg.
Kill any bugs today?
Maybe you could use an extra set of hands.
Bobby, from now on, when I say How was school?, what I really mean is How was shop?
Uh, everybody looks pretty clean.
Just remember to clamp your butt-joint.
I get it.
No, it's okay, joke's on me, you're right, you should use a mitre-joint there.
That will look better.
Butt-joint.
But Carl, shop is the foundation of all learning.
And I tell you what, a youngster with a tool in both hands has no hands left to do drugs.
Here I sit, broken-hearted. Came to, Aaahh!
Who brought a cordless power-sander?
Well, that's just asinine!
Damn zero-tolerance.
Using a saw as a weapon makes about as much sense as using a gun to cut a two-by-four.
That's how my dad built my treehouse.
How he cleaned it, too.
Newsweek?
 Not in this house.
Please, Connie, call me Hank.
Wait, we figured this out once.
Couldn't you just give her the stuff?
You are a hospital.
I mean, let's say you got stitches.
You might sent me home with a box of Band-Aids if I asked for them, right?
Aisle 8A.
Boy, we sure are a long way from automotive.
You know, the special time in girls' lives, and the freshness and all that.
Poor Connie?
Poor me!
I had to learn about Megalobsorbancy.
Bobby, every woman has a period, of time every month.
Bobby, if we're gonna get through this, you cannot ask me questions like that.
Now, every month, a woman has this time when she gets very angry at everything.
And usually, men are the everything.
It's like a tire fire.
Trying to put it out just makes it worse.
You just gotta let it burn.
Grab a beer, and let it burn.
I have never poured out beer, even to put out a grass fire.
Let's say it is your beer.
How old are you?
Exactly.
The moment you tried to claim the prize, you'd be incarcerated for underage drinking.
So if it's your beer, you get to go to jail.
If it's my beer, you get to come to New Orleans with us.
Your call.
He's speaking some kind of French.
You sort of snuck up on me there.
So, Gilbert, how do the Saints look this year?
What's that supposed to mean?
Meredith, I have admired you from your playing days to Monday Night Football to your iced tea commercials.
Wow!
That's a great story, Mr Meredith.
I'll never have a chance like this again.
Don, you have everything!
You were a Cowboy.
During the Landry years.
It is an honor just to be on the field with you, Dandy Don.
No, that's a straight pipe.
I'm looking for an L pipe.
Lower-case, maybe, but, fine, I'm looking for a capital L pipe.
It bends at a right angle.
All pipes can't be straight!
If they were, your department store wouldn't be selling those U pipes right behind your shoulder!
Oh, well, I met a guy.
Yeah, at the Mega Lo Mart.
We have the same truck, same year, same color.
Smart guy, too, he knew what an L pipe was for.
It was nice.
Oh, I don't know.
You know, just a one-time thing with a guy in a parking lot.
You know, that's all.
You sure you never worked in propane?
So, uh, got any big dates?
I'm gonna miss that crazy bastard.
You guys are something Hal'll never be, my neighbors.
Take it easy on Ladybird, Bobby, she's ninety years old in dog years.
Each time she fetches, it's like seven fetches for you or me.
A dog's the only animal that makes sense.
And I suppose a cat might work, you know, if you're a little girl or an old lady who's sick.
Bobby, you name a pet, you name a guitar, you do not name a filthy animal.
And you do not feed it our garbage.
No wonder it was rooting around in the garage.
It was looking for more of your handouts.
Ladybird is a member of this family.
You've seen our Christmas cards.
All right, Dale, we can do this the easy way or we can do this the hard way.
Say, Bobby, I know this won't be for a while, but when Ladybird dies, how about if I let you pick our next pet?
No possums.
I was thinking more of a traditional pet, like another dog.
Come on, Bobby, it's almost 10:00.
With the Dallas traffic, we won't get to the airport until noon, and that flight leaves at 4:00, with or without us.
That's right.
I bought tickets for all three members of the Hill family, Hank Hill, Peggy Hill, and Bobby Hill.
Well, I think she's gonna find out when we leave her here.
Any seats left to Billings?
I paid $250 for my ticket.
That's the price I want.
All right, listen, Miss Platter is travelling to Montana to see her father for Thanksgiving.
She hasn't seen him in years.
Doesn't that mean anything to your airline?
I'm gonna write a personal check, and in the memo line, I am writing Unfair.
Well, I would think they would have them on the plane, Luanne.
Okay, Happy Thanksgiving.
They just did.
One-legged turkey?
I'm not even gonna dignify that with a response.
Other than Shame on you.
We're not animals.
We'll wait in line like everybody else.
You lied to me about the announcement.
That's strike one.
That's strike two.
Peggy, I think that man is Tom Gannoway.
No, no!
It's not a bomb, it's a turkey!
It's a smoked turkey, you idiot!
Get away from there!
Boomhauer, I'm sorry you didn't get to see your mother.
An F in English?
Bobby, you speak English!
I'd like to see your teacher give an F to the US of A.
Must be the elbow grease that makes it taste so good, huh?
You're like a pioneer, Chappy.
Uh, there isn't a Mrs Chappy, is there, Chappy?
Peggy, why don't you take off that nasal strip?
Maybe your snoring will drown out the sound of that dang printer.
Well, then, just write me out a receipt.
It's eight percent.
Fine.
It's your time.
So what do we do?
Yeah, and 30 billion embedded microchips...
The year 2000 happens only once in the history of man, and we're darn lucky to see it happen.
Peggy, do you remember how excited you were when you rolled over the odometer in your Buick?
Well, imagine if the whole world had been in that car with you.
Son, you're going to be up against farm boys.
But we've fed you like a farm boy, so go get 'em.
I haven't heard the words prop comic since he picked up a rope.
And it keeps him away from the video games.
I caught him playing this Tomb Raider game where he was a girl!
Your first concussion.
Now, don't fall asleep, son, both because you could die and because I want to tell you how proud I am.
I mean, look at you, the bruises, the dirty clothes, the smell, you're all right.
Is there anything I can get you?
No you don't.
A tough guy like you?
You like sports!
Don't tell me!
Uncle Boffo?
You're not only a clown, you're a thief.
I don't know which is worse.
Clown.
A circus clown is just a carny who's too stupid to flip a ride switch on and off.
Now, you take a circus clown, roll him on the barn floor, kick him in the head a couple hundred times, and what have you got?
Well, that boy is gonna get a talking-to, I tell you what.
Heh, heh, heh.
Whew!
I was just getting the guys out of the insane asylum.
What are you doing here?
Bobby, the Blue Flame of Valour Award is the highest honor that the Texas Propane Association can bestow on a living member in peacetime.
Show some respect.
That's not his wife.
That's Debbie from work.
A pretty girl like that should have been able to find a date.
As a young boy, I always dreamed of winning the Super Bowl.
Then, as most of you know, that dream was crushed along with my ankle in the Class 2A State Football Championship.
I knocked around for a while, sowed my oats, got a job at Jeans West.
Long story short, one day at JW, I sold a pair of Jordache to a man who would change my life.
To quote Dr Luther King, I had another dream, to sell propane and propane accessories.
The name of the man and the dealership, Strickland.
You know, Debbie's place is right next to Sugarfoot's.
That's quite a coincidence.
Please don't make me choose sides.
Strickland's been very good to me, and I've worked for him as long as he's been cheating on you.
Boy toy?
 I don't even know what that means!
No, I'm sorry, but at this point in time I'm going to have to reject your advances.
Well, I just did.
Sir, we go back fifteen years, and in all that time I have only had one mistress, and her name is propane.
Peggy and I have an understanding about that.
Oh, God, I just had phone sex!
Oh, no, my eyes are going bloodshot!
I'm going on a trip!
I look like I'm doped out of my gourd!
I'm talking to myself.
That's a side effect of the marijuana poisoning.
You don't think the police will want to run a drug test on Debbie's co-workers, do you?
Oh, no!
Oh, that.
So someone could take dope, black out in a field, and kill a co-worker?
I want you to promise me you will never, ever do drugs, Bobby.
A promise means nothing when a junkie tricks you into smoking a joint which you think is a cigarette, which you shouldn't smoke either.
Now promise me!
Promise me, Bobby!
Promises mean nothing.
Gayle did not kill Debbie.
And I know that because at the time of the murder, he was with me.
We were in Debbie's apartment, and like he said, we were smoking pot.
Uh, yeah, okay.
I guess if my mistress had been murdered and my wife was a suspect, uh, yeah.
Okay, son.
What's my punishment?
Am I grounded?
Aw, come on, son.
It was an accident.
Sounds to me like one of those pyramid schemes.
I can't sell at the office.
It's a propane place.
I need to keep that pure.
Isn't this Bill's trip?
Didn't he win it?
Aren't you just his guest?
So, Luanne, you still going to community college?
'Course, I'm still in the propane business.
That's where I was today.
When's this movie over?
I want to watch the news.
You must have confused him.
Being dumped on is all Bill knows.
First there was that childhood of his, and then he joined the army, and then married that back-breaker Lenore.
Boy, look at Pops go.
Eighty years old and he still has the reaction time to miss those sprinkler heads.
The way I see it, you are in direct violation of four of our rules.
No water usage after ten PM.
Nine o'clock curfew on school nights.
Entering the master bedroom without verbal permission.
And you're barefoot in the kitchen!
Ladybird eats off that floor!
Dale, for the last time, I can't turn in this rental application without your social security number.
That's not even enough numbers.
Well, hey there, Mr Kahn, them's some fancy blue jeans y'all's lady friend's wearin'.
Luanne, welcome to your new home.
The audacity!
You see, Luanne, a lot of good things happened in the world when people were like me.
Sure, they'll never write a Hollywood musical about a fella who keeps his yard free of debris and pays his bills on time, and the MTV won't put on a video about a man who requires shoes in the kitchen, but it's because of people like us...
Take it easy.
You didn't see me getting all huffy every time you made me mad.
Sure!
And you were three times the pain in the butt these kids are.
The New York Times Magazine?
Published by the New York Times Newspaper?
Oh, Bobby!
Those are propane accessories and you will treat them with respect!
Dale, go home.
No, no, there's no switch!
It's bait and bait!
Bait and bait!
That's great, Bobby!
Here's to the Propaniacs!
Well, no one will ever totally understand Sweet Lady Propane.
Sorry, Dale, you've got to work at Strickland to be in the group.
Except for Luanne, she's in or Buck won't pay for T-shirts.
Wait a minute, where's Joe Jack?
I'm sorry, Sir.
I had no idea you wore, uh, You know. Diapers.
Yep, those were some good times.
Bobby'd tell me something about comedy, and then I'd teach him a little bit about propane.
You know that bit where he'd say Propane is 270 times more compact in its liquid form than as a gas?
 I gave him that line.
But he sure knew how to deliver it.
There are sixty million people who use propane in this nation, Peggy.
Want me to get the book?
So Kahn's party is for real.
I'm gonna R.
I'm not going.
That sounds more like Minh.
Hey, Peggy does do a good you.
The Buddhist monks think Bobby's a holy man.
Now that's just sad.
And it just keeps getting sadder.
No way.
No got-dang way!
Buddhist liar.
You're talking like a song from The Lion King.
Stop it.
It makes no sense.
I'm gonna kick your ass.
Lord?
Hank Hill here, Methodist.
Sorry about missing the homeless prayer service.
Now, about Bobby, I'm pretty sure we're on the same page about this lama thing.
I was kind of hoping you could have him fail this test tomorrow, you know, like you've had him fail so many tests in the past.
Oh, and the starving kids.
Gotta go, amen.
Oh, it's a nightmare, isn't it?
I think you cut my ear.
Don't do this, Bill.
Believe me, it's not easy being my barber.
Wasting all that money is like buying a haircut for Saddam Hussein.
And I hate Saddam Hussein!
I like his haircut, but that's it.
Representative Jim Powell thinks your problem and flag-burning are among the biggest problems facing America today.
That's why Jim Powell has introduced House Resolution number 11461.
Aw, he never even read it.
I'd go see him in person, but no self-respecting bus company would let me on with hair like this.
Oh, God, I need a hair net!
I'm out of the Strickland Propane Christmas card.
Well, Mr Strickland wants an elf in the picture, and the Arlen midget spends his winters in Florida.
No, Flamer is cooler.
That's great!
I'll get to see my wife in a movie!
Well, everyone has to start somewhere.
What's it about?
Wait a minute, is that a pornographic website?
You, sir, are nothing but a low-rent smut hound, and you will delete my wife's feet from your Internet before she finds out what you've done with them!
You made them wade through pork and beans!
I know I'll never love your feet as much as they do, but the way I look at it, you're like a fully loaded truck.
The big tires are part of the package.
You pay extra to get those really big tires.
Now, why are you crying?
You know how much I want a new truck.
Dale thought we wanted to swing.
Stage 1 water rationing wasn't too bad, I just cut out Peggy's Crystal Light.
When we hit stage 2, I took away Bobby's bath.
But stage 3 is killing my lawn.
And that affects everyone.
Then suck it up and take a shower.
So, Peggy, I'm just curious, how many flushes was that?
I'm going to call the water company, see about getting the high-flows back.
The Board of Zoning and Resources did this?
I love their setback requirements.
6 gallons per flush per low-flow toilet.
Sounds pretty good, doesn't it?
But unfortunately, in the real world, where things don't flush the way they do in the movies, it can take three, four, or in the case of my wife Peggy Hill, six flushes to get completely remove solid waste.
The fact is, these toilets are squandering more water than they are saving.
Thank you.
Made it to eagle scout.
Sweet Saint Augustine!
Yeah.
Well, it's still worth it.
Randy Travis?
Kinda sounds to me like Randy Travis's lawyer sent you a rejection letter.
Well, spa-Peggy is kind of like spaghetti.
I'm not sure what Peggy does different, if anything.
But it's the one dish she's kind of made her own.
I have been saying that for years!
You've got a pretty high opinion of yourself, 
No, it's just that you've done so much in your life, you don't need to take credit for things you haven't done, like writing that song, and, you know, the other stuff.
When we were setting up camp, you said that in your opinion, kindling is the best wood to start a fire.
Of course it is, but it's not your opinion, it's a known fact!
I said some awful things to her, Pastor Larry.
I told her she's not as great as she thinks she is.
Now, you'll think about what I said?
Well, I'll punch him this time.
I am not sewing.
I am upholstering, which is one of the five original industrial arts.
Over my dead body.
Bobby, did you see who did this?
I'm not giving you my chores.
You're getting a job.
Oh, sir, that would be great!
You know, I love golf, maybe I could, you know...
You're not a cop.
I didn't know you had a son.
You're giving that watch back!
If Mr Strickland calls, you tell him, I'm taking a personal day.
I'm his father.
Did you send in those voter registration forms I gave you on your eighteenth birthday?
I still get goose pimples thinking about pulling the lever for Councilman Fred Ebberd.
'Course, then he betrayed me.
Look, a fringe candidate.
Poor misguided bastard.
I just think if you don't read the papers and the only TV you watch is the MTV, you shouldn't be allowed to vote.
You don't know the first thing about Communism.
No, you cannot!
I hate Communists!
All they do is boss people around!
Luanne, please go home before I tell you you're acting like an idiot and make you cry.
No, I'm not!
Get that penguin back here!
I'm not done!
All right, I gave you fair warning.
Luanne, you're acting like an idiot.
Well, Barbara's a handsome woman.
Oh, my God!
His handshake!
It's limp!
This man could be the next leader of the free world.
We're gonna have nutjob Third World dictators walking all over us when they find out the man in charge doesn't have a strong enough finger to push the button.
See that guy's reaction when Bush shakes his hand?
Surprise, then disappointment.
Surprise, then disappointment.
With voter turnout at all-time lows, not voting makes me more American.
Because my candidate's handshake had no character.
What do you know about it?
You've never even voted!
What happened to Lucky?
A veteran working on Veteran's Day?
That ain't right.
I'm happy to help you out.
Okay, Dad, that seems fair.
You'd be surprised, Bobby.
He plays offense and defense, and he returns punts.
Years from now, no one will remember what a hexagon is.
But you win State, and that goes up on the water tower.
Well, then, we're sorry to have disturbed you, Mrs Kalaiki-Alii.
I am not...
You will not use that Frenchman's wave with me.
This whole anti-Thanksgiving thing couldn't have come at a worse time.
Dale, you're just going psst psst psst.
You called John Recorn a cannibal.
That's one of the worst things you can call a person.
I am not judging.
I am stating a simple fact.
It is wrong to eat human beings.
Yes, and I'll say it again.
It is wrong to eat another human being.
No, that was wrong too.
But so is eating human beings.
Bobby, I agree that stealing Indians' land was wrong.
Can't you agree that it's wrong to eat another human being?
She didn't leave you for that.
She married that two years before she met you.
I'm pretty sure the license people are gonna need to see a birth certificate.
Otherwise you'd have a bunch of Oklahomans trying to get Native Texan license plates.
How do I even know that's my real name?
My real parents might have called me Henry.
Well, if I was adopted, that means my parents could be anybody.
Even Tom Landry.
I do have his strong chin and love of the flex defense.
I wonder if I would have called him Dad or Coach?
 Oh, who am I kidding?
It would have been Sir.
How come you didn't tell me I was born in New York?
I was born in New York City, of your seed.
Nothing in there about New York.
Shut up, Dale.
I can't even drive like a Texan anymore, Peggy.
I think my truck might be too much vehicle for me.
What?
Then one of you is not telling the truth.
Oh, hell, I know it's him.
It's your fault I was born in New York and I can't drive my truck and I tried a bagel and actually liked it.
No, no more lies...
I loved that bagel!
I'd like to tell Buck Strickland to kiss off.
Why am I wearing the hat?
Dad, you can't kill Castro!
You aren't even supposed to drive at night!
I know, Dad.
I know.
No, I'm not a native Texan.
I'm just a Texan.
I don't remember seeing any Montana flag at the Alamo.
Fine, everybody's a Texan.
Change planes in Dallas, you're a Texan.
You're going out for the Longhorn?
So you're not prancing around the garage.
You're training.
This is some kind of comedy bit.
He's gonna turn around any second.
Maybe he's just going to the car to get a, He's gone.
Don't let them tease you too much.
Remember, you're the mascot, not the placekicker.
He's probably camped out in the bushes.
No, that takes guts.
He probably spent the night at Denny's.
Bobby just started a new tradition.
Now we have the McMaynerbury Whoopin' and the Belton Beating.
What a great time to be a Longhorn.
Bill's great with kids.
It's adults and holidays he seems to have a problem with.
It's Christmas and Bill's happy?
I'm doing the best I can, and, wait a minute, you're being sarcastic.
You have no interest at all in seeing that little boy play his heart out, do you?
Dale, I'm just going to park in my driveway.
Why don't you take Marilyn out someplace nice for Valentine's Day?
Women like Valentine's Day.
They find it romantic.
That's it!
I've had enough of this Christmas crap!
Dammit, Bill, some of us are trying to raise kids.
Good kids.
The kind who don't try to kill their parents in their sleep.
Kids like Bobby.
You know I haven't.
How are things with Nancy?
You know, you used to brag a lot about, uh, stuff.
Uh, yeah, but not so much lately?
Look, maybe it has something to do with you being out of work.
I mean, would you want to sleep with a bum?
That's right.
See, nothing's sexier than a man with a nine-to-five job.
Peggy, this truck has been through four presidents, three Dallas Cowboys Super Bowl victories, and zero mechanics.
No, it has nothing to do with anything.
That's just crazy talk.
Our relationship is strained but fine.
No, no, it is not done!
No, there is something wrong with my eyes.
Something seriously wrong.
Yep, that's it.
Okay, you were right, I am crying.
You happy now?
This isn't about Bobby.
Charlton Heston isn't me or Bobby.
Charlton Heston is my truck!
What seems to be the problem with Mr Clark?
Why would he do that?
Dangit, Bobby, people will see that oil stain and think I'm a drunk.
I can't push her myself, she's too solidly manufactured.
This is all your fault!
You killed my truck!
Even if he was right, which he wasn't, if I had driven only five miles a year, I could have had her another hundred years.
Save your fancy come-ons for the Okies, okay?
What?
Why didn't you try to stop him?
Anti-lock brakes!
That's why they didn't lock!
I'm sorry I blamed you for killing my truck.
I know it wasn't intentional.
You did love my truck?
I'm sorry I never got a chance to tell her that.
Yeah, me too.
But when we get back to the dealership, pretend you hate it.
A poodle?
Why not just go all the way and get me a cat and a sex-change operation?
Although we move you into Barkingham Palace today, we will always leave a doggie-door open into our hearts.
And we hope we have made your home as wonderful as you have made ours these past thirteen years.
What I was thinking was, Bobby could live in the doghouse.
Yeah, that'll work.
Bobby's only thirteen, it'll be fun for him.
But Ladybird is thirteen.
She doesn't have much time left, and she's set in her ways.
You'll have to walk her when it's time to go.
She won't go in her own yard.
I don't want to associate beer with this kind of pain.
I can't just leave work at 4:50 on a Friday afternoon.
I'll take the standard room, one key, shampoo, and no conditioner.
I'm doing it!
I'm a mooner!
I'm gonna kick your asses!
Well, it's nuts, but she does have him showering.
You brought charcoal into my house!
There's soot under my boy's nails!
You don't get that from a clean-burning fuel.
Shut your mouth!
Now, we're going to sit here and pray.
I'm not going to force propane on you.
That's an insult to propane and to you.
Fluttering butterflies?
 Not in this house.
My son is playing with dolls.
There, I said it.
He's using show business.
How'd you learn so much about golf?
I hate Adam Sandler.
Amen to that.
Nobody likes a whiner, Bobby.
Right, Chip?
I'm kicking your ass through that thing!
What do we really need Chip for anyway?
Yep.
Think about it.
If we build a new Chip, we can make him perfect.
Don't get me wrong, Chip was great, but his neck was really too thick to play football, at least competitively, and if his ears didn't stick out so much, he could wear a helmet.
I'll be at my work bench, cobbling together something I can be proud of.
That's why I'm trying to finish the new Chip A.
So we can spend time with Bobby again.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Well, now she works for me.
I'm her manager.
Technically assistant manager.
You get out your hooker-stuff of my house!
Getting him right where I want him.
What!
He ran a red!
You can't do that!
No offense, but he's from Oklahoma.
I am the mack daddy of Heimlich County.
I play it straight up, yo.
You get the hell out of my hood.
She's my ho now!
That is my wife!
The only woman I'm pimping from now on is Sweet Lady Propane.
And I'm tricking her out all over this town.
You what?
Oh, no!
Nobody likes a quitter, Luanne.
You know, Luanne, there's somebody who'll love you more if you don't put out.
Why don't we swing by His bachelor pad?
Sponsors?
You mean like what the drunks have?
Well, that's not in the Bible, but it should be.
What?
Oh, uh, no thank you.
I'm just a sponsor.
All right, everyone here who hasn't had pre-marital sex gets ice cream!
Boy, we're lucky.
When we were eighteen, we were already married.
Otherwise, who knows what kind of trouble we'd have gotten into, with each other, of course.
Thank God for my free-weights and your strong moral fiber.
That's what scares me, she's got nowhere near your upbringing or self-control.
I'll be damned if I'm going to raise her baby.
This is my niece Luanne.
She loves bowling and self-control.
Tonight's the night of the Abstinence Dance.
I promised Luanne I'd help her and Rhett chaperone, you know, make sure the kids have a good time, but not a great one.
You stay here and think about what you did, and what I didn't get to do.
The Vandergraafs!
Peggy, I can see your whatnots.
Mower races?
Well, good for Durndle!
Uh-huh.
Do you get a lot of this in your patients who race mowers?
I don't understand.
What does that mean?
You want me to wear a fake heiny?
It's not for my buttocks, it's for my back.
McMaynerbury?
When will they learn?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I am not even confirming that I have a wife.
Peggy, don't ever report a false propane emergency again.
Don't worry, son, you probably won't get DGS, but if you do, you can wear a gluteal orthodic and sit anywhere you want.
We'll be an unbeatable team!
The Diminished Glutes!
Peggy, to the medical supply store.
I need some new cheeks.
I've sold three grills today using those exact words, but with a more positive attitude.
Hey, this isn't the Bible, it's a Harry Potter book!
Joyride?
That sounds fun.
And you know what would be even more fun?
If after we drive it, we fill it with gas, so the next time Boomhauer uses it, he's like, How'd that happen?
Boomhauer thinks some Yankees came and stole his car, and he's going to go to his grave thinking that.
Heh-heh.
No, no, no!
Heh-heh.
Yeah!
Itchy algae!
Oh, you know, spaceship earth, we're all in this together, random acts of whatnot.
I've got a plan.
Dale, we're gonna need your scuba gear.
Because they can't find Boomhauer's car if it's not there.
You called Boomhauer on me?
But why?
Dale, they're suing you, they're not going to kill you.
Peggy, if we get his bike, we'll be getting it for him until he's 16.
Then we'll be getting his truck.
No, it's just that the Spanish they speak down there is, you know, fluent.
I was not flirting.
I didn't even mention that I worked in propane.
Ortiz, I hate to disagree with you, but my wife speaks perfect Spanish.
You must put her on the stand, So that she can tell her story in her own words.
In Spanish.
Well, I understand.
I have a boy of my own.
I made it to Eagle Scout.
And Dad, you know the war was over.
Besides, I tried to enlist, but the army felt I wouldn't be able to relieve myself efficiently under duress, especially in front of others.
Dad, calm down.
They needed those guys over there?
I'm sorry, Dad.
I guess it was a bad idea to get everyone together.
Come on, Peggy, you've got an IQ of 170.
You've said so lots of times.
Now wait a minute...
They could have rigged that test so anyone would look like a genius.
Peggy, I'm going to put this in terms even a genius can understand, you are no genius.
You've got what they call book smarts.
Now, if we wanted to write a story about you losing our money, well, hands down, you're the one for the job.
But if we want to do something that takes street smarts, like getting our money back from the jerk who stole it, then I'm the guy.
Okay, so I doubted you like you thought I would.
But what if I didn't?
What if I had believed in you?
Then where would we be?
Oh, you were going to steal his car.
That would have been a felony.
But that other stuff, that's genius.
Heh, heh, heh, bullies?
Picking on me?
Heh, heh, heh, uh, yeah, sure, why not?
Well, all right, son!
You know, that Chane Wasonasong must know all kinds of Oriental martial arts, and you beat him with good old American YMCA know-how.
This, Bobby, is the belt-line.
You never, ever hit below that.
Always above.
Never below.
Cassius Clay never hit below the belt.
You learned the move in a women's self-defense class.
You are not a woman.
You leave your face open, you're gonna get popped.
See?
Pop!
Pop!
Pop!
Yeah, it's not so fun when someone else doesn't fight fair, is it?
Just remember, I can get her to do that any time I want.
There better be a naked cheerleader under your bed.
Why is the table covered with yard waste?
Don't touch it, Bobby.
Those nests could be full of fleas and ticks.
Hey, Peggy.
Bobby, I need you to do two things I pray you'll never have to do again, tape the Cowboys game and get me an apron.
I didn't marry you because I need someone to cook and clean for me.
I married you because, you know, you know, the love.
Don't worry, Dale.
I'm sure next week one of those guys will shoot somebody's toe off, and this will all be forgotten.
Oh, I can't even, God, no!
Mr Big is pleased.
I'll ask the questions around here, Gribble.
And right now I don't have any.
I am Mr Big.
I was just trying to make you feel better without having to talk to you.
Uh, assistant keeper of the flame.
Im putting you in charge of the spending money.
Spend it any way you want with three rules, no tights, tassels, or skirts on the boy.
Oh, and no bells.
Uh, pretty good, thanks.
My wife Peggy is ready to serve the kingdom.
Well, I guess if they burn you at the stake, theyll be usin my propane, heh-heh-heh.
Youll find it burns witches cleanly and evenly, and at a fraction of the cost of natural gas.
Got-dang it!
Thats my third pair of these got-dang tights today!
Fine.
You are in for the joust of your life, mister.
Yep.
The joust of your life.
No chump in a velvet costume is ever kickin my ass.
How about I buy you an ornament?
Manager?
Oh, Mr Strickland, I love you!
I love shooting a nail gun too.
Man wore a sweater.
And a notch up from the Wagner Char-King Superiore is the Wagner Char-King Imperiale.
Wagner's a fantastic company.
They're based out of El Paso, so they've got American ingenuity and Texas craftsmanship built right in.
If I was bored of Peggy, I'd be having dreams in which I was bored of Peggy, not grilling naked with the neighbor's wife.
Say, is that a new suede vest?
Oh, God!
Nobody makes cheese like the Americans, I tell you what.
Peggy, believe me, if I could go back in time and stay awake during, relations, I would.
I enjoy doing the same old things with you as much as ever.
You know how I like the fundamentals.
I am not exposing myself in public.
That's illegal.
The press would have a field day.
You know how they're always trying to take propane down a notch.
Sure, at the 7-11 you need shoes and a shirt, but here in Paradise, hey, let's all get nude.
You bet I am!
Think of all the things it can do, nude grilling, hot tubs, hippie houseboats...
Of course!
I'd fallen into a rut, grills, tanks, grills, tanks.
You see, I'd always thought of propane as a dignified lady.
But she can also be a dirty girl.
C plus.
Two B minues.
You really did it, son.
You set realistic goals and you reached them.
Way to go.
Well, I've only been with your mother, and we never broke up.
But I have had to fire people at Strickland Propane.
You gotta be honest.
Tell them that they didn't meet your expectations, and give them a good recommendation.
Good detective work, sir.
Lizard.
You're impersonating a nun!
When Whoopi Goldberg impersonated a nun, at least she was running from gangsters.
That's a clean-burning hell, I tell you what!
I heard a funny joke the other day.
It seems a doctor, a lawyer, and a gentleman from Oklahoma...
Yeah, I know a little bit about that.
You think you could give Bobby some pointers on acting?
That's my neighbor's boy!
Well, if the boy is my boy, you can.
Oh, Dale, I'm so sorry.
Nancy loves you!
Dammit, Dale, why did you have to tell Joseph he was an alien?
Well, sometimes it's better to keep the truth from someone.
Especially when, you know, they can't handle it.
Hey, buddy, have you seen two thirteen year-old boys?
Dammit, Dale, you're his real dad.
When Joseph was a baby, who changed his diapers?
You or some alien?
Who took him to his first day of kindergarten?
Who taught him how to tie his shoes?
Well, okay, but who taught him how to ride a bike?
Okay, but I didn't see the aliens doing that stuff.
But you were there for every Christmas morning and scraped knee.
You, Dale.
Any alien can inject someone with his space juice and be a father.
But it takes a real man to be a dad.
I guess you had your own idiot man-child to deal with.
Yep.
Those Gribbles are two nuts on the same sundae.
Where are you gonna keep it, smart guy?
It doesn't even fit in your garage.
Don't get him all jacked up about nothing.
If the United States government did it, I'm sure they had a good reason.
Has he ever been right, Bill?
Like any first-rate organization, I'm sure the Army has a form that you can request, fill out, and submit.
You know, Dale, sometimes I think you say things just to hear yourself talk.
Bill, it was a different time.
It was back when we didn't know the Russians were incompetent.
I've been driving bobtail trucks at Strickland for two decades.
I know you're disappointed with the way you turned out.
We all are.
But the good news is, it's not your fault.
All those things that were great about you back in high school, the confidence, the charm, the pep, they're still part of you.
They're just hidden inside the government's bloated, lazy body.
It doesn't smell pleasant most of the time.
We didn't tell you because we thought it would hurt your feelings.
But now that we know it's the government's fault, well, Bill, your breath stinks.
Yeah, but don't take it personally.
Dale, you said placebo.
Dale, you're the moron.
A placebo is a fake drug.
They shot Bill full of sugar-water.
Dangit, Dale, it already happened once, what are the odds of it happening again?
Don't mind if I, oh, you probably didn't realize this, but this is Cuban.
I'll just go ahead and destroy it for you.
What are they saying?
I don't really know anyone here.
Can I ask you just one more question?
What and what accessories do I sell for a living?
Yeah, but Ted didn't know that.
I'm sorry, Kahn, but I couldn't stay there.
I just didn't feel comfortable.
That's why I left Jeans West, that's why I don't bowl on Tuesday nights, and, oh, forget it.
You wouldn't understand.
Dues are a six-pack every eighteen holes.
What do you say?
You don't give someone an award they don't deserve just to cheer them up.
Why not make every Super Bowl a tie, so everyone gets a ring, and no one is bummed out, huh?
She's just setting him up for a fall.
Like when we told Bill there was a woman out there for him.
God was punishing me for being prideful.
He didn't give me a fatal heart attack because he wanted me to sell propane, but he made his point.
My God, you care more about your stupid confidentiality agreement than you do about your own husband.
My wife lies to me.
My beer company betrays me.
Americans are giving Mexicans diarrhea.
What the hell is going on here?
Meinhoffer IV, I'm Hank Hill, Strickland Propane.
For the last twenty years, Alamo has been a part of my family, like a favorite uncle who lives in the refrigerator.
But you knowingly sold tainted beer to the good people of Mexico.
That is not a crime, but it should be.
Now, I would like an apology.
Are you threatening me?
No, Peggy, I'm sorry.
Hey, there's Hops the dog.
Please, Lord, give her a cramp.
If it's thy will.
Bill, do you have any idea what that song is about?
It's about a dragon!
You think she's Branson good?
I like it.
Yes, we're here to have fun, but you know what's not fun?
Being ill-prepared.
Where have you been?
I've had to deal with the Bluegrass Brothers all by myself.
They've been staring at me, twiddling their beards, trying to psych me out.
Boomhauer, you're good at stage patter.
What are you talking about?
You gave her permission to come with us.
That's why she ran away.
She'd rather play bluegrass, and win this contest, then get a record deal, and open up the Connie Souphanousinphone Theater, and, oh, I'm a jackass.
Aw, come on, Kahn.
I bet you never knew she could smile and play at the same time.
No, you're not tripping, that is an emu.
Excuse me, are you with the cult?
Yeah, this is it.
This is a job for meat.
With the joy of responsibility comes the burden of obligation.
Well, the guy's 60, maybe he couldn't cut it on the regular circuit.
It's like those guys who have to play European basketball, or Canadian football.
That was just a piece of tinfoil we gave you to make you feel important.
Let's face it, we've been down the imaginary-friend road before.
There were those guys you claimed you played soccer with, Larry and Wayne.
Remember when you fell in love with that speed-skater on the Wheaties box?
Turns out she was real too, but that doesn't make her your girlfriend.
What are you doing?
I guess Bobby wishes Boomhauer dumped the asparagus lady.
Heh-heh-heh.
You see, there's not actually an asparagus lady, Peggy.
It's funny.
Well, not really.
My what?
I, I, I love you.
I just turned on the backyard grill from the swimming pool.
And Peggy said man would never be able to do that!
I saw this news promo last night that said something's going on in restaurant kitchens that might really surprise us.
But then I fell asleep.
Boomhauer, you stay up late...are rude customers really getting more than they bargained for?
Yeah.
You know, I once told Peggy her hair looked nice, she still mentions it.
I already picked the country for our vacation, America.
And the state, Texas.
And the town, Denton.
I don't care what their police did to that cyclist, it's still a good town.
I don't know.
He'll want to go to a strip club, and he always tips the girls to put their whatnots on my head.
Can we use your steam room?
Are you talking about that thing by the port-a-john that looks like a compost heap with garbage bags on it?
I'm only going to read this once.
Hi, my name is Ladybird.
I like long walks, my arthritis medication, and two cups of kibble a day.
I'll try to outsmart you and get three cups, but I know you're too clever for that, Ms.
Platter.
Dad, they're called Asians now.
My dad's still on the plane.
He had to use the lavatory, and he said he might be a while.
You know, he's old.
How could you not know you had another son?
How many women have you slept with?
Five?
Six?
A brother.
I have a brother.
The Hill brothers.
Watch out for those Hill brothers.
 Did you see what those Hill brothers were up to the other day?
I work in propane and propane accessories.
You may have seen it used in some of our movies.
Dangit, he's gone berserk.
And when he winds up on the news, everyone is going to find out he's your dad.
That's gonna bring you great shame, I tell you what.
So, how long you been in the robot game?
That sounds like propane.
I wonder if they ever made a robot that ran on propane?
That was just between brothers.
Dad, what are you doing?
Sometimes men aren't interested in what they say they're interested in.
To put it bluntly, they're more interested in something else.
Aaahh!
Yes.
That's one of the eight uses of propane I haven't experienced first-hand!
What the hell were you thinking, digging a tunnel under my house?
You have an exploding mailbox!
Anger management?
That's for guys who spit on umpires.
I don't need that crap.
Come on, I wouldn't hurt you.
You guys know I don't have a problem with anger, I have a problem with idiots.
You are a bald-faced liar!
Okay, look, my idiot friends rented a ditch-witch and dug a tunnel under the alley, and if you drive over there you'll probably crush them to death.
If you don't get out of that got-dang rat-hole, I'll get my circular saw and cut off all your fingers and toes!
Now move!
Move!
Move!
I hope I never make it to L.
And stay away from that Tid Pao.
Don't think I can't tell the difference between her and Connie, because I can!
I can understand wanting propane so bad you could steal it, but to actually go through with it...
Son, you don't get to be running back just because your dad was.
We fought a whole war with England over that.
My boy is on a team.
Not a squad, not a club, a team.
Bobby, I've got some good news for you, but I want you to promise me you're not gonna squeal like a girl.
I've decided to let you grow your roses.
Well, I understood that one word, grew, but I do know I am not the Mini-Princess of anything.
Dangit, Bobby, cut the Benihana talk.
Not if we go by the book.
According to the checklist, this one's perfect.
You can't win an argument by making up words.
The Liberty Bell is great.
But come on, if it was in a competition with a bunch of other bells without cracks, it would lose.
Uh-huh.
But we're out to win.
There's no cash prize.
Son, you've got a lot of Wahbi-Sabi.
When I was your age, we had these things called songs.
They were two-minute stories about falling in love or burning down Georgia.
But I guess Hollywood decided we needed more criminals yelling about their lady friends', baby-places.
Kinda sounds like the Beatles before they went nuts in India.
Could a pre-pubescent girl kick your ass?
Dang Internet.
They don't care whose lives they ruin.
They weren't dancing like you and I dance.
They were enjoying it.
Yes, exactly!
Then there was this godawful hip-shaking.
It was like those lizards we saw on the Discovery channel.
He won't even need to turn.
We'll be right there, bam!
with a brick wall of rules, limitations and discipline.
Yeah, don't call him that.
Nothing tastes sweeter than self-discipline.
They're supposed to be our allies!
No more dancing or any other Canadian tricks.
You're dancing with the neighbor's dog against me and Ladybird?
What do you care?
It looks like you'll dance with any dog that'll have you.
Fine, go home to Bobby and the neighbor's dog.
While you're at it, why don't you just move in with Kahn and Minh?
You can eat rice every day and never celebrate Christmas.
Boy, these dogs are dressed to the nines.
Like they were going to dance at the White House.
Don't worry, Ladybird, we're gonna win this thing.
It's not just about pageantry, it's about a man and his dog dancing together.
That's what the people came to see and that's what we're gonna give 'em.
It's nice for Bill to finally have something he's good at.
Might give him a reason to live and whatnot.
You're kidding!
Who?
The perky one?
Did you try the perky one?
You might want to find out what's causing that god-awful smell in your car.
Wait a minute, America isn't the hot dog champion?
How could you let that happen?
This whole nation is stuffing its face!
Can't one of us do it at record speed?
Are you an eater?
No kidding?
My neighbor's Laotian.
You know a guy named Kahn?
Dangit, Dale, when did you get to be such a Negative Nelly?
Why don't you try being a Positive Pete?
Good work.
You know, Bill, America doesn't need to win every dang thing to be great.
We've got the Constitution, two George Bushes, great toilets, hell, we've played golf on the moon.
I guess we can let Laos have a stupid wiener contest, can't we?
So, things still on with Cyndi?
Attaboy, Bill.
Bobby, why don't you go look in the Adventure section?
Anything about a boy with gumption should be fine.
The elf-lord Flyfandel knelt upon the bed of dandelions.
Young wanderer, quoth he, I have woven you a magic breastplate -- Ugh!
Bobby, television!
As the ambulance pulled away, Cassie remembered the smell of onions from her grandmother's kitchen.
The end.
Joe Jack, you awake?
Dangit, Bobby, no more elves at the table.
I'm not much in the Shakespeare department, but I still don't think he deserves to be shot at by those monkeys down there.
Well, I guess he'd do the same for me.
Whenever he prints up that money of his, I'm usually on the hundred Gribble bill.
Just thank me by doing a thorough, discreet, professional, quiet, detailed, courteous, efficient job.
Babboon?
Dale, don't tell Glidewell there's a babboon.
It's not a babboon.
Dale's losing it at Mega Lo Mart, Nancy.
We need some traps for the rat, and a tranquilizer gun for, uh, also for the rat.
We'll be okay if we keep our wits about us.
You were supposed to keep your wits about you!
I always wanted to go to the Academy.
Well, yeah.
It's a combat bowl.
Bobby made one too.
I told you it wasn't easy.
You didn't believe me, did you?
Well, I guess you could say that, but maybe mush isn't so bad.
You can keep stomping on it, but it's all give.
It just stays mush.
You can't build it up, but you can't break it down either.
In a funny way, mush has the edge.
Oh, it's dancing.
Luanne, the kind of women that box don't have 50 stuffed animals on their bed.
Why don't you spend Friday night watching one of those movies you like, where the people fall in love and then one of them dies?
I always hoped to give my old boxing gloves from the Y to Bobby, but, well, you know.
You need to practice, so get out of that stupid outfit.
And for God's sake, don't leave it where Bobby can find it!
Oh, sorry, but we have a strict policy about that.
No novelty grills.
Yeah.
No offence, but your grill is kinda like an iron.
I think it's a great product for dieters, or little girls who want to play barbecue, but you can't compare it to a propane-powered grill.
What?
That is not accurate!
Those studies were all done on sick monkeys!
And at least my grill isn't sold in housewares!
Your initiative is really impressing me, and not just because you're ladies.
Wow!
Dynamite!
Peggy, are we out of butter?
I'm not crazy about making holes in my lawn, but I guess it's for the children.
No offense, Bill, but this campaign is about hope.
We are not spending money to rent a bus.
I don't really think I should mix politics and propane.
Last week it was Travis.
I'm not sure how well that's going to work with the whole keeping Dale from knowing about your part in Joseph's, creation.
Okay, time out, Sitting Jackass.
Have you looked in the mirror lately?
You are the got-dang whitest person I've ever seen in my life!
Well, they are in different conferences, so it would only be a problem if they played in the Super Bowl.
An all-Texas Super Bowl!
His will be done!
I don't know how to say this, and yet there's no greeting card for it either.
I think we should see a professional relationship person.
Like the one Dale and Nancy use, Dr.
Tim Rast.
Yes.
Him.
Please, Peggy, I need somewhere safe to go, to let it all hang out.
What's going on here?
Oh, God, I've been misinformed.
We're going to buy his and hers motorcycles and see America, excluding California.
What more is there?
The freedom of the open road and such, all the maintenance a guy could ask, 
It was a cane, and it was because he had a crushed pelvis.
Whenever we go to the hardware store, she gets to give me a twenty-minute hug, and I get to go to the hardware store.
Maybe we should switch off after Kansas.
I wouldn't want you to miss out on all that wheat.
It just doesn't work that way with biker couples.
Lumpy and Pepperoni Sue have a great relationship, and she never rides up front.
In fact, the spot behind the driver is called the, er, bitch seat.
It's a motorcycle term, I don't even think it's spelled the same.
You can't sit in the driver's seat!
You can't even talk to him!
Peggy and I aren't speaking right now.
She's mad because I wouldn't let her drive the motorcycle.
But that would mean I'd have to ride in the other part of the seat.
You know, behind.
There's a moose?
How big are the antlers?
Yeah, I see it!
It's beautiful.
I love you, Peggy!
Boy, that Joe Jack.
He's never gonna get anywhere until he learns that sales are all about character.
What you do is wipe from her head to her feet.
Remember, Head to feet, you won't cause a leak.
Feet to head, everyone's dead.
You want me to tell you a joke?
I can sell propane upside down and blindfolded, but not with my integrity tied behind my back.
Dangit, lately my scalp's been itching like crazy.
Pull it together, Dale.
I don't want to have to put the plastic cone around your neck.
That got-dang Bill.
Ever since Lenore left him, I've done nothing but cut him slack.
He sleeps on our car.
He's always stealing Ladybird's squeaky toys.
Remember when he kept a chamber pot by his bed?
He keeps burying his porno in our backyard.
How does a man lose track of the back of his own head?
A tattoo!
I've been lying every time I donated blood.
Can you think of any reason why any of us might ever have gotten a tattoo?
The Chainsaw.
 Huh.
Probably a hangout for the lumber industry.
Yeah.
I guess I forgot all about the Bill that Bill used to be.
I ought to kick my own ass.
I've been your friend for twenty-five years.
Who talked you out of buying the houseboat?
Who kept you from killing yourself after Lenore left you?
Who listens to you for hours after you've had a nightmare?
If good behavior is a factor, I cleaned the toilet and made the beds.
Sir, I don't usually ask personal questions, but are you okay?
There's a money-back guarantee on those.
That's not the store's policy, it's just mine.
I'd never tell him this, but I look on him as a mentor.
Shut up, Dale.
Sir, the flame in you has grown dim, but if you open your valve and let Him in, the Lord will fill you with His gas.
What are you doing here?
Did you see him?
He was clean-cut, polite, he wasn't even sweating vodka.
When Buck gets upset, he dives straight into his addictions.
Lady Propane's been good to all of us, sir.
It says here that because of high produce prices, schools are yanking vegetables from their menus.
Organic garden?
That's what hippies eat.
When was the last time you saw a hippie that could take on an offensive tackle?
Peggy, I have to admit this stuff looks so good, I might become a vegetarian.
Heh-heh-heh.
Not really.
Why does every book about organic gardens have naked people in it?
When they say Mother Earth, they mean dirt, right?
Is there anything beer can't do?
I just wanted to tell you all how proud I am.
You've overcome the elements, the bugs, and, God knows, your own limitations.
Peggy, this is an organic garden!
Spraying chemicals is the only thing you're not allowed to do!
Okay, quick.
You're supposed to count the birds, Dale.
How long does this have to go on for?
Do you know how many years I wished Peggy would ask me that?
What am I supposed to wear to Luanne's birthday party?
I need something that says I am not some weird old guy in the bar, I am here against my will.
You take that back!
I am the designated driver, and I'd like a wristband that reflects that.
I have never needed a beer so bad in my entire life.
I just fell down, and you know why?
I'm drunk.
I know, I know, it's terrible, but, I put this song on!
It's mine!
New rule, you can't listen to my song any more.
You must be the repairman Peggy hired behind my back.
There, there, girl, just flow with the nice music and bling-bling.
I'm not playing with dolls.
I'm interacting with them.
Sure, son, let's interact together.
Harrison Schmidt?
Really?
If you ask me, there might be a silver lining to him not being a dancing cowboy.
Ah, the flea market.
It's like America's garage.
Dammit, Dale, I told you to stop painting your house number on my curb.
See, Bobby?
I knew you'd find your thing.
And doesn't that sound like more fun than being in a musical about Oklahoma?
Forty-five dollars!
You're Ward Rackley?
How old are you?
Don't you have any friends your own age?
Someone to drink with?
Maybe a girlfriend?
Some of this isn't your fault.
I mean, a man can only take so many wedgies before he goes to pieces.
This is a carburetor.
Take it apart.
Put it back together.
Repeat until you're normal.
I'm not afraid of that garbage.
I'm afraid of you getting your ass kicked every day for the rest of your life because you found a new way to act like a nerd.
Bobby, you don't need a crystal ball to see Ward's future.
He's going to live with his mother until she dies, and maybe for a few weeks after.
Why would we steal your check?
See, Peggy?
I told you the guys were cool.
Hey, Willie, here's something you might remember.
Well, sorry to be a tease, but this is a one-time-only exemption.
Yep.
We played foozeball.
He's a great guy.
Just a regular guy, I tell you what.
My son is getting a clinic from a Dallas Cowboy.
I've always said you had a lot of untapped bulk.
That story gets better every time you tell it.
Not much longer.
It's only been a couple of hours.
I can be very cool when someone follows our neighborhood guidelines.
Kahn, I'm sorry I didn't believe you.
No man should have to live to see this done to his lawn.
So I was thinking we could work together to get rid of Willie.
Kahn, I'll only operate within the confines of State law and the block charter.
What happened to you guys?
Bill, don't you remember when this was the kind of neighborhood where you could leave your door unlocked and not have someone steal your refrigerator?
And Dale, you believed in the block charter so strongly, you signed it with your real name.
Gentlemen, it is a new morning on Rainey Street.
Why would I tip a car over on my own lawn?
What kind of sick bastard runs a water-pipe through a stud without installing a nail-guard?
What can I do for you?
Wait, you're saying you're going to rub it with bleach and then blow it dry?
If we've been sleeping in this room for twenty years, how come we've never had itching or asthma or any of those other problems we read about?
Then why do you keep banging holes in our walls?
The funny thing about this boot-remover, well, not so much funny as educational, is that it was owned by the man who fired the first shot at the battle of Gonzales.
What are you trying to do, get us mugged?
Bobby, only jackasses go around saying how much money they make.
It's just vulgar, Bobby.
The amount of money a man makes is between him and the professionals down at the H&R Block.
My boy asked me how much money I make.
Bobby, time to wrap pennies!
Sure, I'll give you your million.
Do you want it in rubies or fairy dust?
Good job, Bobby.
Hey, it looks hot up there.
Why don't you come down and take a break?
Peggy, the boy ain't right, but he's not sick.
There's a propane convention in Alberta?
Peggy, not in the airport.
Luanne, stop trying to be your Aunt Peggy.
You're no Peggy.
You're fired.
So your brother is marrying Katherine.
She made the best beer.
That's ring-bearer, and that's Ladybird's job.
Besides, you're old enough to be an usher.
You know, maybe you're right.
Tomorrow night, from seven to ten PM, the family room is reserved for a bachelor party.
I have a variance from the city, they're letting us have seventy decibels.
Same as Bennigan's.
Of course!
He's getting married!
I really thought Boomhauer had come around.
I mean, he brought beer.
But then, the prostitutes.
You know what's not cool, Bobby?
Hell.
Sure, Bobby.
Okay, Bobby, God appreciates the support, but I'm sure He wouldn't want the pot roast to get cold.
Now let's wrap it up.
Bobby, take that off!
You can not wear a t-shirt with that word on it.
Well, either one.
I know, but, I'm sure he's a lot of places he doesn't want to be.
Oh, damn, his Bible's gone.
Only because I wasn't his dad.
Teenagers.
Well, I'll take that chance.
Come here, there's something I want you to see.
Remember this?
You didn't think so five years ago.
And how about your virtual pet?
You used to carry this thing everywhere.
Then you got tired of it, forgot to feed it, and it died.
I know how you feel.
I never thought that Members Only jacket would go out of style, but it did.
I know you think stuff you're doing now is cool, but in a few years you're going to think it's lame.
And I don't want the Lord to end up in this box.
Farrah Fawcett was very popular back then.
Bobby!
Car!
I never could understand a word of that art mumbo-jumbo.
Heck, Peggy, why don't you make the art?
It can't be very hard.
I mean, even the people who do it for a living don't seem very good at it.
A what?
What do you think, sir?
I like the Probot.
You look at the Probot, he looks at you, you think, Hey, things are going to be okay.
Mister, you just sold your last Probot.
The boy's got no fight in him.
I don't get it.
He spends five hours a day playing violent video games, what's the point if they don't have any effect on him?
Got-dang it, I can't find any clean socks!
Dang it!
Got-dang right!
Dale, that's asinine, and here's four reasons why.
First, you're not gonna clone a super-warrior out of a guy who can't even win a thumb-wrestling match.
Two, you've spent your life swearing that the robots will eliminate the clones by the year 2010, so which is it, robots or clones?
Three, you've already said you sympathize with the invading Mongolians of 2087, so you'd be the last one they'd send to fight them.
And four, if you were from the future, you would have seen this coming.
Dinner can wait.
Right now I say we hit the bedroom.
What?
Dangit, he always ruins everything!
Why does he have to be here?
I got my own house so I wouldn't have to put up with his crap anymore!
A man does what he has to do, even if he doesn't want to.
You didn't want to take a shower, but you did.
Running with the bulls is my shower.
Between the drugging and the lying, someone in this family has got to show a little got-dang integrity.
So your best bet is, you know, neither.
Truckers are the last cowboys.
They're their own bosses, making tough decisions, winning or losing by the calls they make, answering only to the road.
It is.
Now, would you like to make this trip with your old man?
Just a minute.
Oh, I don't go in for the fancy flavored coffees.
Just plain old Joe.
The new guy starts on Monday, and I'm kind of nervous for him.
It can't be easy, coming in as a rookie to a championship team.
That was Marettie's Grill.
They're having trouble with the burners again.
I need an eight-inch L pipe.
Oh, did their hostess call too?
Huh.
Here's one.
Well, I should be back soon.
I just hope the threading's not stripped, if I have to do it manually, I'll be down there for hours.
Yeah.
Heh-heh.
Don't know why I'm laughing.
It sounds like I'm gonna be down there all night.
What I want is a professional working environment where it's hard work that earns your colleagues' respect, and not the ability to rhyme your name with a body part.
You got that in your cooler, Bill?
Thanks for seeing me, Mrs Borginnis.
This guy Rich has been making a lot of jokes.
Uh, jokes that use vulgarity.
You know, jokes about morning nature functions.
Plus I can't say the word meat without someone giggling.
And yesterday, someone took my employee of the month picture and drew a beard on it.
But not where you think.
Sexual harassment is an umbrella term.
It doesn't just cover women, but also men, and, uh, transgendered individuals.
I talked to this lawyer, and she thinks we have a case for male-on-male sexual harassment.
It's an umbrella term.
Don't you wish we could still say words like meat and tool and unit without someone turning it into something foul?
Well, those are our words.
I say we take 'em back.
Okay, team, gather round.
I'm going to tell you about the new improvements to the Wagner 2800 series.
The first thing is that it'll smoke your meat.
And it's got a nice big rack for your buns.
Or weiners.
Why not?
What?
That's ridiculous!
They say one of the big problems in a shelter is that people often get shelter shock, where they become dependent and childlike.
We don't have a lot of room for error with Bobby.
Remember, Ladybird, the other dogs will be looking to you for leadership.
Be strong.
Dale, put that stuff down.
Bill, you got lucky.
The flood ended before we ran out of food and toilet paper.
But now it's time to do your job.
The goal of a shelter leader is to get these people out of here and back to their real lives.
Bill, you've done a good job keeping people happy, mostly by turning them against me.
But now's your chance to go out on top.
You could be like Ted Williams.
Heck, people are still fighting over his frozen head.
Bobby.
Truck.
He's supposed to be gay, Dale.
So you used Bill up and then you cast him aside.
Do you have any idea how hurtful that is every time it happens to him?
To catch a fish, you've got to think like a fish.
I'm trying to teach my son self-reliance.
Don't tell me that's covered by the First Amendment.
Dangit, if I have to pull one more hook out of Bill., 
You can't leave!
What kind of lesson is that for the boy?
Oh, God, don't ruin Jumping Jacks!
Aaahh!
My sleeping bag!
Your nudity!
That is impossible.
Yeah.
And I don't like to work.
Uh, I'm not sure about that, but those hippies have got to go.
What if Bobby and I took care of them ourselves?
Or we could just shut off some of the park services.
You disappoint me, Dale.
Dangit, Dale, you're not even gonna think about it?
We're talking about John Force.
But Dale, you made a deal.
What about all that great stuff you got from John?
Where am I supposed to get mice?
Gun club.
Just hand the guy the Folger's can of money.
That seems like a lot of money.
Couldn't this wait thirty hours?
Octavio?
What?
Are you asking me to help you commit some kind of fraud?
I'll need to think about this.
Well, Dale.
Dale, just hold on.
Let's talk about this.
Can Daletech do anything about getting me a privacy hedge?
Bobby, did you drink my grapefruit juice?
They have daycare for seniors?
You can't keep coming home after school and plopping down in front of the TV.
Now go start that report.
Since when is pop culture academic?
Well, that's asinine.
What kind of job can you get with a degree in pop culture?
You know, I wanted Bobby to become the kind of kid who did stuff after school, but the stuff after school is just becoming more like Bobby.
I can't believe you're giving him breakfast in bed.
Breakfast was his only motivation to leave his room.
But the whole point was to get him out of the house.
I don't know what that means.
Is it that bad now?
Heck, a hundred years ago, kids were working in pork factories and coal mines.
You can't tell me that wasn't stressful.
Stress isn't bad, Bobby.
Heck, if we weren't stressed about the Nazis taking over Europe, we would never have fought World War Two.
Worker's comp?
Do I look like a hobo to you?
No, sir, I am not going on welfare.
Whoa there, Dr.
Feelgood, I work at a propane dealership, not Woodstock.
Yoga?
Isn't that a cult?
Excuse me, but is this one of those stories where this special friend of yours turns out to be yoga?
Well, this was a great way to spend a lunch hour.
More X-rays?
I've had 40 got-dang X-rays already.
Can you turn the lights a little brighter?
Can you turn the music off?
We've been doing stretches for half an hour.
When are we going to get to the yoga?
You know, Vince Lombardi won five championships without ever using sarcasm.
He just yelled and shoved people.
Son of a gun, it's working!
Yeah, yeah, I know, everything is one way, then it's the opposite.
Gotta go.
But what about Team Strickland?
If it please the fraud hearing, I would like to call a surprise witness.
Let me ask you, what healthy person would voluntarily spend five minutes with this joker?
If I wasn't in horrible pain, wouldn't I have kicked this guy's ass?
The jerk from the yoga class calls this move the Sun Seeker, but I like to call it Modified Roger Staubach.
Now we're gonna do one I call Fertilizing the Lawn.
Look, son, there's Big Tex.
He's like the Grand Canyon and the Statue of Liberty rolled into one.
Yep.
He always tells us what to do, and see, and eat.
I've gotten better advice from him than from my own father.
Propane is excluded from the Texas State Fair.
But this is blatantly unfair.
You mean some kind of crazy protest grill?
That's not the kind of thing I normally go in for.
Luanne, maybe I should get you some brochures.
Even though I still think what you're doing is asinine, if you come down, we can talk about it.
Like adults.
Tell me, is Big Tex as amazing on the inside as he is on the outside?
A man of the people.
I knew it.
I didn't get novelty mailboxes out of this neighborhood just to see this happen.
Stop feeling sorry for yourself and start thinking about Connie.
You want her growing up in the back of an El Camino?
No good ever came from kids talking to other kids about their problems.
You've got to think long-term, Bobby.
Auto shop is where boys become the men that girls will want when they become women.
It worked for me.
I'll buy him an old junker car and we can restore her together.
We'll stay up late fixing her up, just me and my boy.
Then one day, when we're all finished, Bobby will get in that car and he'll drive away.
And then I can die a happy man.
Yep.
It's false advertising.
It's advertised as a junker, but it's in moderate-to-good condition.
I didn't know if you were a Ford man or a Chevy man.
It was the happiest problem I've ever faced.
Bobby, you know how I explore my feelings?
I fix my truck or your mother's car.
And when that little fella from the Fantasy Island died, we put the ant on top of Dale's van.
Shut up, Bill, you've said that three times.
I've got to make sure Bill doesn't do anything stupid.
His wages are still being garnished by Columbia House, a timeshare is the last thing he needs.
If an at-risk kid can't get me to order Sports Illustrated, no one's going to sell me a timeshare.
It says in their own brochure, Americans cannot own land in Mexico.
He lives in an apartment and only gets a $300 a month pension.
He can't even afford real Cheerios.
He eats something called Oat Loops.
It's made right around here.
Yeah, that would be great.
Oh, God.
Oh, no.
Why would anyone do drugs when they could just mow a lawn?
Yeah, Peggy's sprucing up the front yard a bit.
Oh, boy.
I do not like the gnome, Bill.
That's it!
I'm kicking your ass!
No it's not.
I need a gnome.
Not just any gnome, a Winklebottom.
I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or just weird.
All right, you got me, I'm not a dork, I sell propane.
I don't think so.
I know it's unpleasant, but have you considered that she might be dying?
Look, fellas, you have every right to be upset, but for the record, I'm not from Hollywood, I'm from Arlen, Texas.
Why don't you just rent the pass from Henry Winkler?
Dammit, I'm not Steven Spielberg!
You can't even buy groceries in town anymore.
It's all been taken over by gourmet restaurants and day spas.
Hank Hill.
I was just up the road and thought I'd stop by for a friendly visit.
Oh, God.
Well, I'm not sure I, Hey, I fish too.
Uh, I think I might do a different type of fishing.
What they'll ask is, Where's the got-dang steak?
Dangit, I am sick and tired of everyone's asinine ideas about me.
I'm not a redneck, and I'm not some Hollywood jerk.
I'm something else entirely.
I'm, I'm complicated.
What about that old white-haired fella up to the North?
Looks like he spent some years working outdoors.
Has he got a trail?
Well, right about now I'm trying not to die.
Hello.
Winkler here would like you to know that it was always his intention to let the Platters' cattle use his trail.
Because cattle, like jazz music, feeds the soul of America.
And that if all the leaders of the world would just fish together, the planet would live in harmony.
Friday night, the big test, season opener against Rushford.
That's the spirit, Bobby.
We're all pretty experienced when it comes to maintaining our own lawns.
We just have to treat this field like it's a really big lawn.
Too much nitrate will fry the roots.
The whole field will die.
Bobby, looks like I'm free this Friday if you want to see that Hilary Duff movie.
Lucky just earned himself a booster jacket.
Even if he does cut the arms off.
Ma'am?
The DPS said they couldn't do it because of national security.
What does the contents of my underpants have to do with national security?
That's it!
The cable's gone!
This DPS is really amazing.
I didn't know it was possible to feel ignored and violated at the same time.
I got this form from the DPS.
I just need you to say that I'm a man.
But I'm clearly a man.
Can't you just do a visual exam?
Yeah, but who made you think I was?
I'm just so frustrated with Bobby.
He thinks insurance is some magic fairy who just waves her wand and makes teenage jackassery disappear.
I want you to know our policy inside and out before you call Mitch Watson down at the insurance agency.
Don't waste his time, he'll hang up on you.
If Mitch asks, tell him this call is being monitored for quality assurance.
Just give me your new address.
And remember, we're all being monitored here.
Bobby, grab my checkbook.
I'm gonna kick this guy's ass over the phone.
Bwahhh!
Why don't you go check the strapping on the water heater?
Texas hasn't had a major earthquake in 165 years.
We're due.
Dale's in trouble.
We need to go out there.
Bobby, I think you're getting a little carried away.
And I guess I pushed you there.
Bobby, this is not a big deal.
It's just a little fire.
And more bees than I remembered.
That'll happen.
Hey, how'd you like to help adjust the deductible on our umbrella policy?
Now, I'm not gonna mention any names, but due to last year's unfortunate kissing incident, mistletoe is banned from this year's Christmas party.
All she wants is a walk down Memory Lane.
Besides, most seniors are lactose-intolerant.
End your days?
It's reasonable not to want someone to die in your house, right?
Okay, here's one for Bill.
Could this be that ear-and-nose trimmer he's been needing?
Boy, Bill, that is a magnificent animal.
Well, all right!
That's a great way to serve our country, supporting our enlisted men, one dog at a time.
A pledge!
I thought I made it very clear that we didn't want Duke until after we got back from our vacation.
Oh, my God, that cat has soiled in my shoes!
Where is he?
You can keep the pen.
It's from some company that makes Viagra for lizards.
Luanne?
Peggy?
You just want to smash into people, don't you?
But how do they score?
Shall we celebrate now and buy a piece of patio furniture, or wait and get the whole grouping at the end of the month?
Well, I do like delaying gratification.
Now, that's what you said before you bought a roller derby team.
I will treat this picnic with all the gravity and seriousness it requires.
Finding a band for under a hundred dollars is harder than you think.
You see what kind of pressure I'm under?
Uh, hey, John Redcorn.
The guy asked me if I wanted honey-mustard and I almost took a swing at him.
Long story short, I got a good deal on classic yellow.
What are you, their manager?
Bobby, never run in a parking lot.
Those cars look parked, but they could be driven by slow-moving seniors.
Well, boys need their dads to be strong role models.
You just need to, you know, be a man.
You can't pick and choose which laws you want to obey.
Sure, I'd like to tape a baseball game without the express written consent of Major League Baseball, but that's just not the way it works.
How is that ironic?
Don't they say criminals always return to the scene of the crime?
Yeah, maybe we should let the Bandit go.
But does the Bandit swear he will never do anything this asinine again, or I will kick his ass?
Is it football season?
Then it's blocked.
Every time I turn around, he's there, hanging around, talking about things.
It's like all of a sudden he wants to be my best friend.
The problem here is with your wife.
You should probably be talking to her.
Yep, I guess that's the plan.
Go talk to your wife.
What about someone else?
Someone who knows you personally, like a priest or a soccer coach?
Mexicans don't talk about their feelings?
That's great!
So why'd you give that up?
Look, all I know about him is that he likes blue pens and staples horizontally.
And that's all I should know.
I just want you to know that whatever you decide, it's none of my business.
Peggy, I have no idea.
What!
Wait, is running a 5K some kind of rap thing?
That's great.
And when you cross that finish line, I'll be right there with the video camera.
Even though it brings out certain instincts in you.
You hear that, Bobby?
You're going to be part of a system!
Yep.
Bobby's gonna be wearing sweat pants for the right reasons.
I wish I could have gone to Bobby's meet today.
Why do I always have to be Mr Strickland's character witness?
Why don't you just try to be good at something?
Well, Bobby, you lost a huge lead, and it took a bunch of guys falling down, but you did it.
Go ahead, son, you've earned it.
Bill, I'm taking you to the one place that can fix whatever you've got going on inside you.
You know, the despair and whatnot.
I know we were hoping he'd choose something less godawful, but at least it seems to be keeping him out of the morgue.
So, I noticed a lot of those chorus guys had wives.
Lord forgive me for saying this, but, there will be other games.
Look, you seem like a nice guy, so I'm telling you this for your own good, judging by the two times I've met you, your life has been a waste so far.
Forget these chorus guys and find a nice girl, or at least something productive to do like a stamp collection.
Your local postmaster can help you.
Here's his number.
All right, Dale.
Help him.
Nope.
Let 'er rip.
Just keep it clean.
