Princess Twilight Sparkle.
I am Chancellor Neighsay.
Equestria owes you a great debt.
But princess or no, we expect you to do things by...
the...
book!
And can we trust you to follow through with this plan?
Will you leave the school unattended to gallop off on your...
adventures?
A school for ponies to learn how to protect themselves.
The EEA concurs.
Every pony should be prepared to defend our way of life.
So, if your work is in order, provisional EEA approval is granted.
We will need to observe your school up and running before it can be fully accredited.
Problems?
Yes.
And you seem unprepared.
If there are problems...
Let's follow the professor.
I'm quite curious about this lesson in loyalty.
Honesty is imperative.
Princess, are we going in circles?
Aah!
The school is under attack!
How dare you!
This act of aggression against ponies?
Those are students?
But you said you were opening this school to protect Equestria!
To defend ponies from...
dangerous creatures who don't have our best interests at heart!
And how do you know these creatures won't take what they have learned here and use it against us?
It should be.
Well, perhaps you should return to your kind.
Because you failed to meet the EEA's standards?
Irresponsible teachers, students skipping class, endangering ponies!
Your school is a disaster.
Perhaps if you had had higher standards for who was admitted, this could have been avoided.
Regardless...
By order of the EEA, I am shutting this school...
[stomps]
down!
We expect you to do things by...
the...
book!
The school is under attack!
Those are students?
I am shutting this school...
[stomps]
down!
Who dared remove my seal?
Classes won't start at all!
The EEA has spoken, and none shall pass!
This is for the greater good.
The school was disorganized, the teachers unqualified!
And those dangerous and unpredictable students put ponies' lives in danger!
Then it is not a school!
Allowing all of these creatures to attend your school, changing the rules for them ?
it simply won't work!
Or destroy it!
