All aboard students!
No roughhousing!
Do not make me turn this carriage around!
Now, the Emperor's assistant will be your tour guide.
Please don't make me regret taking you here.
Hello, Bonesborough!
Students ask me all the time, Principal Bump, what's the height of magical achievement?
Wow.
I failed you as a principal.
It's being selected to join the best of the best.
And there are none better than the jewel of the coven system [three witches appear]
and the enforcers of His will, the Emperor's Coven.
Feast your eyes on this elite force, each member handpicked to help usher in a new age of controlled magic.
Members of the Emperor's Coven have access to all-- yes, all forms of magic.
Ooh.
Aah.
But... only the best can ascend these ranks.
Some day that could be one of you!
And now, I'm pleased to introduce the esteemed leader of this coven and this year's mystery guest.
You know her, you love her!
Lilith!
Attention Hexside students.
This is your principal speaking.
This year, I have the privilege to bestow our highest Grom honor to...
Amity Blight!
Our Grom queen!
Very good.
Lower the streamers, fill the punch bowl, and- how's my disco ball?
Great.
Just keep it up for 36 more hours.
Luz has lasted surprisingly long.
But what form will Grom take next?
Grom has escaped.
Good afternoon, students.
Hmm.
How strange for it to get the command wrong.
I mean lie down.
So very lifelike.
When Miss Blight told me about your abomination, I had to come by, see what she's made of.
We were hoping... for a closer look.
Willow, I'll allow you the first cut.
Willow, go ahead and make the first incision.
No, the intruder won't get far.
Remarkable.
I can easily change that.
What are you doing here, Edalyn?
That's not a bad idea.
I think the student body could learn a lot from having such an exchange student.
But before I even consider that, there's a lot to be answered for.
Oh, I'm not talking about Luz.
I'm talking about the necrotic experiments, the graffiti, the scams, the cheating, Miss Jenkinmeyer's teeth.
The trouble you caused when you were here, Eda.
There's the whiny rebel teen I remember.
You'll need this [hands her a mop]
to clean up all the hexed graffiti you left us.
Good luck.
Are you ready to give up?
You've barely scratched the surface.
It will be very exciting to have a real human exchange student.
Hexside School is safe for you both.
I'm the principal, not a stooge.
Consider your pupil our pupil.
To think that any student of yours would be capable of doing anything but create chaos...
Eda, take your student and leave!
You are both banned from this campus!
If that's so, Augustus, would you be willing to accept her punishment as your own?
Very well.
In light of that, barring any more trouble, you shall officially be enrolled in Hexside School next semester.
I didn't hear that.
As for you, I would be saying detention right now but that seems to be out of order.
So, as of now, I'm removing you from the Human Appreciation Society.
Impressive.
Still alive.
Yes, I suppose you are.
Now, with that accomplished, Eda, we have some paperwork to fill out.
Right.
The human that wants to be a witch.
Against my better judgement, I've allowed you to take this exam into Hexside.
But can you even do magic with all your... human parts?
Hmm?
Spells cast with paper?
I've never heard of such a thing.
But is it enough to pass the exam?
Believe it or not, I've seen worse.
Welcome, Luz, to Hexside School of Magic and Demonics!
Looks like this year's Grudgby match is going to be a forfeit.
Absolutely not.
Now, today we'll be visited by the Emperor's Coven for a routine inspection.
If we want to impress them, you'll need to join a coven track before they arrive.
Studying multiple tracks at once?
No one does that.
No, you won't.
According to the rules, a good witch needs to hocus-focus.
You can only pick one of the nine tracks.
And you do not want to embarrass me in front of the inspector.
Then I'll choose one for you.
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe!
Ah, yes!
The Potions track.
You humans are filled with liquids, right?
I expect you to be on your best behavior.
Based on the costly repairs from recent incidents, we could really use a donation from the Emperor's Coven.
Now, off to class.
The Choosy Hat!
It broke free.
Ahem!
This is the place where all troublemakers go.
The detention track.
Yes.
Actual detention still needs... repairs.
In the meantime, I am keeping all troublemakers far away from the eyes of the inspector.
You may try for a new track next year.
Maybe you'll do better in human school.
Welcome to Hexside, inspector.
Excellent.
Please come this way.
We've prepared a show with some of our finest students.
That was some real Hexside magic, huh?
Yes, yes... wait what?
Is, uh, this part of the inspection?
Amity, stay back.
She's an impostor!
Ugh.
Only 300 years until retirement.
Must find help.
Are in so much trouble.
Leaving your homeroom, mixing magic and... is that a secret hideout?
I don't care to know the ins and outs of rascality.
But if the Emperor's Coven can send an actual inspector this time...
Alright, I'm smart enough to know when I've made a mistake.
Which tracks would you like to be in?
Then so be it.
But if any of you cause more property damage, I'm feeding you to the choosy hat.
And you?
You know, only one other student wanted to study every track.
Unfortunately, she was never given the opportunity.
The coven denies knowing about the basilisk, but that won't stop me from writing a very stern letter.
You're not a teacher.
What’s this?
Boscha got away with murder?
I can’t say I approve, but at least she’s trying new things.
She helped me love teaching again... after she left.
You can't just barge in here!
Sadly, I have no choice in the matter.
Luz, Willow, Augustus, effective immediately you are no longer students of Hexside.
Life is just so dull without them!
Hmm?
Why yes.
The well-being of our students is our top priority.
Which is why we send all out troublemakers to our new and improved detention pit.
Good tidings on this momentous day.
You're all about to recieve your witches' staffs and, more importantly, meet your Palisman.
This is a crucial step in your magical development.
Palismen are lifelong partners.
They can be both your good friends and a powerful tool.
In my case... Frewin here, helps me see.
But sadly, Palistrom trees are becoming more rare.
And those that remain are guarded covetously.
Never call me that.
Nope!
You're staying right here.
Perhaps specificity would help.
There are many kinds of witches.
What do you hope to accomplish with your magic?
Good morning, Bat Queen.
The palismen are all accounted for.
Although, I don't know where that thing came from...
To be honest, I thought this would be more trouble than it's worth.
But I haven't seen students this enthusiastic, ever.
Students, please join me in the gym for an important announcement.
Uh, students, teachers, let me introduce the esteemed-
Don't worry.
No one's magic is going to be sealed away.
Head Witch Graye supports us, and has come to help.
Come quick!
Well, Mr Golden Guard.
We saw you being dragged around, and the flyer derby team was determined to save you.
But I am not yet convinced of your innocence.
Where have your scouts taken Augustus?
Let's just come up with a plan.
Graye may be Head Witch, but I'm still principal.
It'd be wise to let me through.
I'm sure he'll be thrilled to learn one of his captains was defeated by a couple teenagers.
Then you'd better get started.
Principal Faust, don't you think you're judging these students a touch harshly?
But if you keep expelling students, we won't have a graduating class.
That you added to.
Y-You expelled the captain of our grudgby team because his shoes didn't meet your appropriately squeaky regulation.
None of them are beyond redemption.
I would stake my career on it.
Ow, ow, ow!
Uh, yes, sir?
You expelled our most gifted student for chewing too loudly in the cafeteria.
This will be fine, perfectly fine.
You can go five minutes without setting anything on fire, right?
I know you have a reputation around school, but I just see a talented young witch.
And I'll wager those stories about you turning the school inside out are just urban legends.
Let's try this.
This is a stress toy.
Anytime you feel the urge to cause chaos, just squeeze.
Prepare yourself, Edalyn.
The IFWOT is a battleground of magic and skill.
Witches who successfully complete these courses have gone on to do incredible things.
You will face some of the greatest competition here.
Wow.
I grossly misjudged the tone here.
Yes.
Well, your show is actually in violation of several school rules, convention hall safety guidelines and child safety acts.
I am so proud of you!
But also, I think we're toast.
My career is over, and you'll probably be expelled and end up selling garbage at the Night Market but, what a way to go!
