Okay.
We have twenty-four hours until the Day of Unity begins and Belos activates the Draining Spell.
Well, not everyone.
The spell targets those with Coven Sigils, using the nine types of magic as ingredients for the spell itself.
It's channeled through each of the Coven Heads during the duration of the eclipse.
We can't count on that, after my stunt with the BATs.
If we must do this, the safest bet is to have Eda tap into the spell, by taking someone's place as Coven Head.
My place.
Sigil, and all.
Eda, let's get moving.
Promise.
Well, the next 24 hours are going to be rough.
But everyone knows their part, and I'm confident we'll succeed.
Because we are the Covens Against the Throne... AKA... the CATs!
Do I have to be on camera?
Uh, I am honored to work with Emperor Belos in preparation for the day of uni-bee.
Uh, I mean, uni-ly!
I mean, uh, oh no, this is going all wrong.
Get me outta here!
Eda!
You're embarrassing me in front of my crew.
Hey it's all right, everyone.
The Owl Lady is an old friend.
Actually, she's the one that inspired me to make the group.
It was a while ago.
I carefully moved up the ranks, and I found people who wanted to change things, like me.
Hey.
If you've got nothing to lose, we could use the help.
Okay.
Here's the situation.
Emperor Belos wants every wild witch in a coven before the Day of Unity.
Right now we're just focused on helping those he's captured.
And the next raids take place here, here and here.
As long as I don't have to make any more speeches.
Haven't heard that in a minute.
I'm just that good.
What about you?
Do you still know any Bard spells?
How'd you become the Owl Lady with your stage fright?
We got a tip about another raid.
I know you're busy, but...
This should be the spot.
Something isn't right.
It's Head Witches Eberwolf and Darius.
We fell for their trap.
Eda, Belos' plans are a lot more dangerous than I let on.
He's preparing some big spell for the day of unity, but he can't do it without every head witch.
You say your curse messes with magic.
I think I can make that work in our favor.
Look.
We may not make it out ourselves.
Eda, do you have kids?
I don't know what you're running from, but a great witch once told me something about punching fears in the face?
What I'm trying to say, don't give up so easily.
They probably need you more than you realize.
We can find another way to stop Belos together.
You know I can't stand an audience.
Hello, Darius.
Eber.
Guess I can look forward to my own petrification, huh?
Who talked you into what?
You know I hate these things.
Talking to people.
Waving to people.
People.
But I'm just happy to do my part.
Terra's been helping me recover.
I can't remember anything with these... ...headaches.
I'm on it.
Eda?
What're you doing here?
What fight?
Eda, I spent the last month sick in bed.
And we... we haven't spoken in years.
Listen, I don't know what you want with me.
But I'm Head of a Coven now.
And I can't associate with wild witches anymore.
So move aside.
Fine.
We can do this the hard way.
I don't want to hurt you, Eda.
But you're not giving me much of a choice.
Why won't you just leave me alone?
For old time's sake, I'll give you one last chance.
Move... please.
So be it.
Go home.
Maybe travel for a bit.
Just don't contact me again.
I work for the Emperor, after all.
No, not badly.
Let's return to the parade.
Eda, I, WHOA!
What are you doing?
You're lying again.
It's like I don't even know you.
So, I've made a decision.
I'm joining the Bard Coven, and... I think we should see other people.
I'm sorry, Eda.
It's over.
Are you okay?
Is this the curse?
I can't do this anymore.
Your word doesn't count much without results.
Just go.
Captain, I thought I told you to... Eda?
You're wearing a stolen uniform.
There's no time for your schemes, Eda.
Stay put.
I'll send someone to receive the package.
So, you must be the famous human witch.
Eda's been bragging about you for hours.
I'm Raine.
Actually, when Darius captured me, he was really protecting me.
And a little less bruised!
You could've let me in on things before attacking me!
Ugh, this is just like Hexside.
Is it so unbelievable that I wanted to keep you safe?
But, in typical Eda fashion, you're not gonna stop until you make things right.
Actually, we do.
Allow me to introduce... The Covens Against the Throne! The CATS!
I just wish these headaches would go away.
A draining spell?
This is worse than we thought.
Any way to counter?
I told you, I'm not putting her in danger again.
We'll figure something else out.
I'll keep you safe, Eda.
I promise.
Just keep looking until you find her and only come to me when you do.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Who cares about a stupid performance?
This is more fun.
See?
you'd be a mess without me.
I thought you were just joking around.
I only learned what it meant when I started teaching for the Bard Coven.
The emperor prioritized recruitment through force.
And anyone who refused to fall in line disappeared.
Well, I wasn't going to stand for that!
So I took matters into my own hands.
I don't know who you are, but you are a riot.
Yeah, they always give us the off-brand junk.
Let me try something.
Don't worry, I didn't spit in it.
Little trick I taught myself: changing the chemistry of a liquid with sound waves.
See, bard magic can be cool!
People just don't give it a shot!
I wish.
This is my third time.
Always the same boring activities, same boring faces.
Oh, these are from last year.
Maybe if you stick with me, I'll show you how to get one of your own.
Raine Whispers.
You'll get one for being a dingus!
Epiderm isn't cheap.
But if I make the school look good, I get a scholarship.
What about you?
Chance at redemption?
Well, you won't have to worry about that.
After the closing ceremony, we're home free.
And your plant puns!
Actually... Don't worry.
I wanted to transfer out of Epiderm anyway.
And apparently, my parents always hated the cold on the Knee.
Okay, Eda.
Give me the run down on this place.
Blech!
